BECN Beacon Roofing Supply, Inc. is a distributor of residential and non-residential roofing materials in the United States and Canada. The Company also distributes other complementary building materials, including siding, windows, specialty lumber products and waterproofing systems for residential and non-residential building exteriors. It operates 67 branches in 12 states and three Canadian provinces, carrying up to 7,500 stock keeping units (SKUs) per location and serving more than 19,500 customers. The Company is a distributor of roofing materials in metropolitan markets in the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic, Southeast and Southwest regions of the United States and in Eastern Canada. Its net sales in the fiscal year ended September 25, 2004 (fiscal 2004), were comprised of approximately 42% residential roofing products, 35% non-residential roofing products and 23% complementary building products.
BCON Beacon Power Corporation is a development stage company engaged in designing, developing, configuring and offering for sale, power conversion and energy storage systems. The systems can provide environmentally friendly, uninterruptible electric power employing both proprietary and third-party technology and components for a number of applications and potential applications. The Company's products are the Smart Energy Matrix, the Smart Power 250, the Smart Power M5 and the Smart Energy system. The Smart Energy Matrix is a high-power, flywheel-based system that continuously regulates the frequency of electricity on the power grid. The Smart Power 250 is a high-power, flywheel-based system that could provide electricity until a longer-term backup power source comes online. The Smart Power M5 is an electronic system that converts direct current electricity produced by photovoltaic panels into alternating current electricity for residential and commercial use.
BEAS BEA Systems, Inc. (BEA) is a provider of application infrastructure software and related services that help companies build distributed systems that extend investments in existing computer systems and provide the foundation for running an integrated business. BEA's products have applications in a variety of industries, including telecommunications, commercial and investment banking, securities trading, government, manufacturing, retail, airlines, pharmaceuticals, package delivery and insurance. The BEA WebLogic Enterprise Platform provides an application infrastructure for building and deploying distributed, integrated information technology environments, allowing customers to integrate private client/server networks, the Internet, intranets, extranets, virtual private networks (VPNs) and mainframe and legacy systems as system components. The Platform includes BEA WebLogic Server, BEA WebLogic Integration, BEA WebLogic Portal, BEA Liquid Data for WebLogic and BEA WebLogic Workshop.
BCSB BCSB Bankcorp, Inc. serves as the holding company for Baltimore County Savings Bank, F.S.B. (the Bank). The Bank's principal business consists of attracting deposits from the general public and investing these funds in loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied, single-family residences in its market area, and, to a lesser extent, other real estate loans, consisting of construction loans, single-family rental property loans and commercial real estate loans and consumer loans, particularly automobile loans. Baltimore County Savings Bank operates through 15 banking offices serving the Baltimore, Maryland, metropolitan area.
BCE BCE, Inc. (BCE) is a communications company that operates under four segments: Bell Canada, Bell Globemedia, BCE Emergis and BCE Ventures. Bell Canada provides local telephone, long distance, wireless communications, Internet access, data, direct-to-home (DTH) satellite television and other services to residential and business customers through the Company's 26 million customer connections. Bell Globemedia is a media company that provides information and entertainment services, including CTV Inc., a private-broadcaster, and The Globe and Mail, a national newspaper company. The Company also provides e-business services through BCE Emergis Inc. All of BCE's other businesses and investments, including Telesat Canada and CGI Group Inc., are combined in the BCE Ventures segment.
BFR BBVA Banco Frances S.A. is an Argentine bank concentrated on the financial sector through its activities related to banking/financial, asset and pension fund management and insurance. The Company provides financial services to large corporations, medium-sized and small companies and individual consumers. In response to demands from the corporate market and following the structural changes brought about by the stabilization process in Argentina since 1991, BBVA added to its traditional commercial banking products a range of services, such as investment banking, capital market transactions and international banking. The Company operates in Argentina through 231 branches, which are complemented by other distribution channels, such as 503 automatic teller machines (ATMs), a telephone banking service and an Internet banking service called Frances Net. BBVA is also a member of Banelco S.A., which has 18 participating banks, and its ATMs are part of the Banelco Network.
BBT BB&amp;T Corporation is a financial holding company providing a variety of banking and financial services. BB&amp;T conducts its business operations primarily through its commercial banking subsidiaries, which have offices in North Carolina, South Carolina, Virginia, Maryland, Georgia, West Virginia, Tennessee, Kentucky, Alabama, Florida, Indiana and the District of Columbia. In addition, BB&amp;T offers various lending products, insurance and other financial services products nationwide through other subsidiaries. At December 31, 2003, the principal assets of BB&amp;T included all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Branch Banking and Trust Company, Branch Banking and Trust Company of South Carolina, Branch Banking and Trust Company of Virginia, Regional Acceptance Corporation, Scott &amp; Stringfellow, Inc., MidAmerica Gift Certificate Company, Sheffield Financial Corporation, BB&amp;T Factors Corporation and BB&amp;T Bankcard Corporation.
BBMF.OB eCHEX Worldwide Corp. (Worldwide) builds and operates wireless networks that allows the user to connect to an Internet service provider bandwidth via a radio modem. In September 2002, the Company filed a petition for protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Central District of California. This allows Worldwide to continue to operate while a plan of reorganization is finalized. In October 2002, a motion was filed with the court for an emergency sale of the company's assets to protect their value. The motion was approved in October 2002. The sale was completed in October 2002. The Company sold all of its operating assets to NextWeb, Inc. The offer made by eCHEX International, Inc, to acquire the entity of Worldwide through a plan of reorganization was confirmed by the Bankruptcy Court in December 2003. In February 2004, Worldwide changed its name from Worldwide Wireless Networks, Inc. to eCHEX Worldwide Corp.
BBJE.OB BBJ Environmental Technologies, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets products and devices that control and remove mold and other contamination in indoor environments. The Company has developed technologies for preventing air pollution originating from heating, ventilation, air-conditioning (HVAC) and refrigeration systems of homes offices, health care facilities, schools, industrial plants and public buildings. BBJ Environmental Technologies is focused on three primary markets: public buildings, consumers and mold remediation. The Company's are BBJ MicroBiocide for HVAC/R Equipment, BBJ MicroBiocide for Air Ducts, BBJ MicroBiocide for Floors and Walls, Power Coil Clean, Micro Coil Clean, FreshDuct Odor Eliminator, BBJ Mold and Mildew Remover Disinfectant/Cleaner and BBJ Mold and Mildew Remediation Concentrate.
BYWD.OB Baywood International, Inc. is a nutraceutical company specializing in the development, marketing and distribution of its own brands under the names, Baywood PURECHOICE, Baywood SOLUTIONS and Complete La Femme. The Company's product lines include nutritional and dietary supplements. These products are distributed through independent and chain health food stores, pharmacies, grocery stores and other direct-to-consumer channels both internationally and in the United States. Baywood International also sells directly to consumers and to health care practitioners through its wholly owned subsidiary, EpiPharma, Inc. (EpiPharma), which is a nutraceutical company focused on the development and production of complex nutraceuticals and other novel technologies for therapeutic applications. EpiPharma acts as a direct marketer and distributor of a certain line of the Company's products.
BYMT.OB Baymark Technologies, Inc. (Baymark), incorporated in 1981, was formerly known as Interactive Broadcasting Network Group, Inc. (IBNG). Since incorporation the Company has undergone several name, ownership, directional and management changes. All of the subsidiaries have been discontinued except for ISP Gold, Inc. in the year ended July 2001. The primary purpose of the Company is the developing and bringing, to market its business-to-business Internet application. The Company has no revenues or business operations. Since 1999, all of the Companies business efforts have failed.
BYLK.OB Baylake Corp. is a registered bank holding company whose primary activities consist of holding indirectly the stock of Baylake Bank, and providing a range of banking and related business activities. The Bank is an independent community bank offering a range of financial services primarily to small businesses and individuals located in its market area. To complement its traditional banking products, such as demand deposit accounts, various savings account plans, certificates of deposit and real estate, consumer, commercial/industrial and agricultural loans, the Bank offers its customers a variety of services. These services include transfer agency, personal and corporate trust, insurance agency, brokerage, financial planning, cash management and electronic banking services, including eBanc, an Internet banking product for its customers. Other services and products offered by the Company include safe deposit box services and conference center facilities.
BAY Bayer AG is a global company offering a range of products, including ethical pharmaceuticals, diagnostics and other healthcare products, agricultural products, polymers and chemicals. It is the management holding company of the Bayer Group, which includes over 330 consolidated subsidiaries. The Company's four operating companies are Bayer HealthCare AG, Bayer CropScience AG, Bayer MaterialScience AG and Bayer Chemicals AG. Each operating company, together with the domestic and international subsidiaries assigned to it, forms a Bayer subgroup, such as Bayer HealthCare, Bayer CropScience, Bayer Polymers and Bayer Chemicals. Support functions are provided to the subgroups through three independent service companies: Bayer Technology Services GmbH, Bayer Business Services GmbH, and Bayer Industry Services GmbH &amp; Co. OHG.
MWH Baycorp Holdings, Ltd. is a holding company. The Company had two principal operating subsidiaries, Great Bay Power Corporation and Little Bay Power Corporation, which generated and traded wholesale electricity until 2003. Great Bay sold its power, including its 12.1% share and Little Bay's 2.9% share of the electricity output of the Seabrook Nuclear Power Project (Seabrook Project) in Seabrook, New Hampshire, in the wholesale electricity market in the northeast United States. Little Bay sold its power solely to Great Bay under an intercompany agreement. In December 2002, BayCorp legally dissolved Great Bay and Little Bay. In October 2002, it created two new subsidiaries, Great Bay Power Marketing, Inc. and BayCorp Ventures, LLC. In September 2003, it created a third subsidiary, Great Bay Hydro Corporation. In April 2004, through Great Bay Hydro, the Company acquired the Vermont generating facilities of Citizens Communications Company.
BVC Bay View Capital Corporation is a financial services company whose primary subsidiary, Bay View Acceptance Corporation (BVAC), operates as an auto finance company engaged in the indirect financing of automobile purchases by individuals. On October 3, 2002, the Company adopted a Plan of Dissolution and Stockholder Liquidity. As a result of the adoption of the Plan, it adopted the liquidation basis of accounting effective September 30, 2002. During the fourth quarter of 2003, the Company's Board of Directors amended the Plan to become a plan of partial liquidation under which it will complete the liquidation of the assets and satisfaction of the liabilities of the Bank remaining after its September 30, 2003 dissolution, distribute the proceeds to its stockholders through a series of cash distributions and continue to operate BVAC, on an ongoing basis.
BYRE.OB Bay Resources Ltd. is an exploration-stage mining company. The Company's principal exploration target is for gold. It exploits interest in the mineral claims in Nunavut, Canada, which are in the Committee Bay Greenstone Belt and in the Slave Craton. Bay Resources is in the initial stages of exploration program and has not identified any ore reserves. Bay Resources holds interest in the Slave Craton, and the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Golden Bull Resources Corporation (formerly 4075251 Canada Inc.) (Golden Bull) holds interests in the Committee Bay Greenstone Belt.
BAX Baxter International Inc. operates as a global medical products and services company with expertise in medical devices, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology to assist healthcare professionals and their patients with the treatment of complex medical conditions, including hemophilia, immune disorders, infectious diseases, cancer, kidney disease, trauma and other conditions. The Company's continuing operations consist of three segments: Medication Delivery, which provides a range of intravenous solutions and specialty products that are used in combination for fluid replenishment, general anesthesia, nutrition therapy, pain management, antibiotic therapy and chemotherapy; BioScience, which develops biopharmaceuticals, biosurgery products, vaccines and blood collection, processing and storage products and technologies for transfusion therapies, and Renal, which develops products and provides services to treat end-stage kidney disease.
BOL Bausch &amp; Lomb Inc. develops, manufactures and markets eye health products. It markets products in five product categories: contact lens, lens care, pharmaceuticals, cataract and vitreoretinal and refractive. The contact lens category includes traditional, planned replacement disposable, daily disposable, multifocal, continuous wear and toric soft lenses and rigid gas permeable lenses and materials. The lens care category includes multi-purpose solutions, enzyme cleaners and saline solutions. The pharmaceuticals category includes generic and proprietary prescription ophthalmic drugs, ocular vitamins, over-the-counter medications and vision accessories. The cataract and vitreoretinal category includes intraocular lenses, phacoemulsification equipment and related disposable products and viscoelastics and other products. The refractive category includes lasers, microkeratomes, diagnostic equipment and other products and equipment used in refractive surgery.
BSET Bassett Furniture Industries, Incorporated is a manufacturer, marketer, sourcer and retailer of branded home furnishings. The Company organizes its business into four operating segments: wood, upholstery, import and retail. The wood segment is engaged in the manufacture and sale of wood furniture, including bedroom and dining suites and accent pieces, to independent and affiliated retailers. The upholstery segment is involved in the manufacture and sale of upholstered frames and cut upholstery items having a variety of frame and fabric options, including sofas, chairs and love seats. The import segment sources product, principally from Asia, and sells this product to independent and affiliated retailers. The retail segment operates 13 Bassett Furniture Direct stores in North Carolina, Nevada and Texas.
BSIC.OB Basic Earth Science Systems, Inc. (Basic) is engaged in the exploration, acquisition, development, operation, production and sale of crude oil and natural gas. Its primary areas of operation are the United States and Canadian sides of the Williston basin in North Dakota, Montana and Saskatchewan, south Texas and the Denver-Julesburg basin in Colorado. In April 2004, Basic participated in the drilling of the Lynn #1 in Williams County, North Dakota. This well, located in the Indian Hills Field in Section 23, T153N-R101W and operated by Missouri Basin Well Service, Inc., targeted the Duperow formation at 11,600 feet. In May 2004, based on surveys and tests conducted in this well, the Company installed casing. Basic has an 18% working interest in the well. On the same date, it initiated the drilling of a 3-D Bright Spot test of the Yegua formation in Wharton County, Texas.
BTRX Barrier Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products in the field of dermatology. The Company has multiple product candidates that have been licensed from third parties in clinical development, with four of these candidates in or entering Phase III clinical trials. It also has a number of products in preclinical development. In addition, Barrier has rights to two other products that are marketed by third parties in some countries outside the United States and Europe. The United States Food and Drug Administration has not approved any of the Company's product candidates. Barrier's four advanced product candidates are Sebazole, Zimycan, Hyphanox and Liarozole. Its product candidates in earlier stages of clinical development are Rambazole, Azoline, Hivenyl and Atopik, and the product candidate in the preclinical development is Ecalcidene.
ABX Barrick Gold Corporation is engaged in the production and sale of gold, including related mining activities such as exploration, development, mining and processing. Its operations are mainly located in the United States, Canada, Australia, Peru, Tanzania, Chile and Argentina, and involve 12 mines and four development projects. The Company's portfolio is managed on a regional basis and is divided into the following: South America with 44%, North America with 28%, Australia with 15% and East Africa with 13%. The majority of its revenue and cash flow are generated from the production and sale of gold in both dore and concentrate form. Development involves four new mines: Veladero/Pascua-Lama District on the Chile/Argentina border, Alto Chicama in Peru, Cowal in Australia and Tulawaka in Tanzania, between 2005 and 2008.
BBSI Barrett Business Services, Inc. is engaged in providing staffing and professional employer organization (PEO) services to a diversified group of customers. The Company's range of services in human resource management include payroll processing, employee benefits and administration, workers' compensation coverage, risk management and workplace safety programs and human resource administration, which includes functions such as recruiting, interviewing, drug testing, hiring, placement, training and regulatory compliance. These services are typically provided through a variety of contractual arrangements, as part of either a traditional staffing service or a PEO service. Effective January 1, 2004, Barrett acquired certain assets of Skills Resource Training Center (SRTC), a staffing services company with nine offices in Central Washington, Eastern Oregon and Southern Idaho.
BRL Barr Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company that develops, manufactures and markets both generic and pharmaceutical products through its operating subsidiaries, Barr Laboratories, Inc. and Duramed Pharmaceuticals, Inc. The Company markets generic products under the Barr label and almost all products under the Duramed label. The Company's two segments are Generic Pharmaceuticals and Proprietary Pharmaceuticals. On the generic side of business, it manufactures and distributes more than 100 different dosage forms and strengths of over 70 different generic pharmaceutical products, including 19 oral contraceptive products. In the proprietary business, it manufactures and distributes 11 proprietary pharmaceutical products, largely concentrated in the female healthcare arena. Barr operates manufacturing, research and development and administrative facilities located in six locations within the United States.
BRN Barnwell Industries, Inc. (Barnwell) is engaged in oil and natural gas exploration, development, production and sales primarily in Canada (Oil and natural gas segment); investment in leasehold land in Hawaii (Land investment segment), and well drilling, contract labor servicing for geothermal well drilling and workovers, and water pumping system installation and repair in Hawaii (Contract drilling segment). Approximately 61% of Barnwell's revenues for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), were attributable to its oil and natural gas activities. Barnwell's land investment segment revenues accounted for 27% and contract drilling activities comprised of 10% of Company's revenue during fiscal 2004.
BNNY.OB Barneys New York, Inc. under the name Barney's Clothes, Inc., is an upscale retailer of men's, women's and children's apparel and accessories and items for the home. It provides customers with a variety of merchandise across a range of prices, including a selection of Barneys label merchandise. The Company operates 21 inter-related stores in the United States under the Barneys New York trade name. These stores include three flagship stores in prime retail locations, three smaller regional stores and three CO-OP Barneys New York stores, all of which cater to customers seeking contemporary, urban casual apparel and accessories. Its 12 outlet stores cater to budget-minded yet fashion-conscious customers and its semi-annual warehouse sale events in New York City and Santa Monica, California enable it to sell end-of-the-season residual merchandise and extend the Barneys New York brand to a wider range of customers.
BKS Barnes &amp; Noble, Inc. sells trade books of hardcover and paperback consumer titles (excluding educational textbooks and specialized religious titles); mass-market paperbacks such as mystery, romance, science fiction and other fictions; and children's books, bargain books, magazines and music. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2004 (fiscal 2003), the Company operations in 842 bookstores, of which 647 operated under the Barnes &amp; Noble Booksellers trade name (31 of which were opened in fiscal 2003) and 195 operated under the B. Dalton Bookseller trade name. Barnes &amp; Noble also sells books on the Internet and video game and entertainment software through GameStop Corp. GameStop operates 1,514 video game and entertainment software stores under the GameStop trade name and publishes Game Informer, a multi-platform video game magazine. In addition, the Company owns Sterling Publishing Co., Inc., a publisher of how-to books.
B Barnes Group Inc. is a diversified international manufacturer of precision components and assemblies and distributor of industrial supplies, serving a range of markets and customers. The Company consists of three businesses: Barnes Distribution, Associated Spring and Barnes Aerospace. Barnes Distribution is an international distributor of industrial maintenance, repair, operating and production supplies. Associated Spring is a manufacturer of precision mechanical and nitrogen gas springs, as well as a global supplier of retaining rings and plastic injection-molded components. Barnes Aerospace is a manufacturer and repairer of highly engineered components and assemblies for aircraft engines, airframes and land-based industrial gas turbines.
BCS Barclays PLC is a financial services group with operations into seven business segments. Personal Financial Services provides retail products and services, including current accounts, mortgages, consumer loans and general insurance in the United Kingdom. Barclays Private Clients provides banking and asset management services. Barclaycard provides credit card services across Europe and Africa. Business Banking provides relationship banking to small, medium-sized and large business customers in the United Kingdom. Barclays Africa provides banking services to personal and corporate customers in Africa. Barclays Capital conducts the Company's investment banking business providing corporate, institutional and government clients with financing and risk management products. Barclays Global Investors provides investment management products and services to international institutional clients. In December 2004, the Company acquired the credit card issuer, Juniper Financial Corporation.
BBQZ Barbeques Galore Limited owns, operates and licenses a specialty retail chain of barbecue and barbecue accessory stores in Australia and the United States. The Company's stores carry an assortment of barbecues and related accessories, in addition to a line of fireplace products and certain backyard products and, in Australia, home heaters, outdoor furniture and backyard products. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2004 (fiscal 2003), the Company owned and operated 38 stores in all six states in Australia, as well as one wood-heating outlet in Tasmania, Australia, and 63 stores (including two United States Military concession stores) in nine states in the United States. In addition, at the same date, there were 49 licensed stores in Australia and nine franchised stores in the United States, all operating under the Barbeques Galore name.
BHB Bar Harbor Bankshares is a holding company with two wholly owned operating subsidiaries: Bar Harbor Banking and Trust Company (the Bank) and BTI Financial Group. The Bank is a community bank that offers a range of deposit, loan and related banking products. The Bank has 11 branch offices located throughout Down East and Mid Coast Maine. It primarily serves individual and business customers, retail establishments and restaurants, seasonal lodging and campgrounds and a large contingent of retirees. As a coastal bank, it serves the tourism, hospitality, lobstering, fishing, boat building and marine services industries. BTI Financial Group is a financial services holding company offering trust, financial planning, brokerage and investment management services to individuals, businesses, not-for-profit organizations and municipalities.
BN Banta Corporation operates in three business segments, print, supply-chain management and healthcare. It provides a combination of printing and digital imaging solutions to publishers and direct marketers, including books, catalogs, publications, product brochures, literature management, educational materials and e-business services. Its global supply-chain management businesses provide a range of outsourcing capabilities to technology companies. Services range from materials sourcing, product configuration and customized kitting, to order fulfillment and global distribution. Banta's healthcare segment produces and sources disposable products used in outpatient clinics, dental offices and hospitals. The 15 largest customers accounted for approximately 33%, 33%, and 34% of net sales during 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively. International operations represented 19%, 15%, and 15% of consolidated net sales and 24%, 17%, and 14% of consolidated assets in 2003, 2002, and 2001, respectively.
BANR Banner Corporation is engaged in the business of planning, directing and coordinating the business activities of its wholly owned subsidiary, Banner Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a Washington-chartered commercial bank that offers commercial banking services and financial products to both businesses and individuals in its primary market areas. Its business is that of a traditional banking institution, accepting deposits and originating loans in locations surrounding its offices. The Bank is also an active participant in the secondary market, engaged in mortgage banking operation through the origination and sale of one- to four-family residential loans. In addition to loans, the Bank maintains a significant portion of its assets in marketable securities. During the year ended December 31, 2003, Banner Bank had 42 operating branch offices and nine loan production offices located in 20 counties in Washington, Idaho and Oregon.
BKUNA BankUnited Financial Corp. is a holding company for BankUnited, FSB (the Bank). BankUnited's primary business consists of the Bank's operations. The Bank offers a broad array of banking products and services to consumers and businesses located primarily in Florida. As of December 3, 2004, the Bank's distribution system included 50 full service banking offices in Florida, three loan production offices in Florida and two outside of Florida, a wholesale network for originating loans through mortgage broker relationships, and channels for conducting business through automated teller machines, personal computer (PC) banking, telebanking and Internet banking.
RATE Bankrate, Inc. owns and operates an Internet-based, consumer banking marketplace. The Company's flagship Website, Bankrate.com, is an aggregator of information on more than 310 financial products, including mortgages, credit cards, new and used automobile loans, money market accounts, certificates of deposit (CDs), checking and automated teller machine (ATM) fees, home equity loans and online banking fees. Additionally, the Company provides financial applications and information to a network of distribution partners, as well as through national and state print publications. Bankrate.com aims to provide the tools and information that can help consumers make better financial decisions.
BNK Banknorth Group, Inc. is a registered bank holding company and financial holding company whose principal asset is all of the capital stock of Banknorth, NA (the Bank). Through the Bank, the Company offers a range of banking services and products to individuals, businesses and governments in Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Vermont, New York and Connecticut. As of December 31, 2003, Banknorth conducted business from its headquarters in Portland, Maine, and 359 banking offices located in its market areas. In addition to the Bank, the Company's other direct subsidiaries are Northgroup Realty, Inc., Northgroup Captive Insurance, Inc., Peoples Heritage Capital Trust I, Banknorth Capital Trust I, Banknorth Capital Trust II and Ipswich Statutory Trust I. Banknorth also has a number of indirect non-banking subsidiaries that conduct insurance brokerage activities, investment planning and securities brokerage activities, equipment leasing activities and investment activities.
BBX BankAtlantic Bancorp, Inc. is a financial services holding company that owns BankAtlantic and RB Holdings, Inc., the parent company of Ryan Beck &amp; Co. Through these subsidiaries, the Company provides a line of products and services encompassing consumer and commercial banking, brokerage services and investment banking. BankAtlantic, a federally chartered, federally insured savings bank provides traditional retail banking services and a range of commercial banking products and related financial services through 73 branch offices located primarily in Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach and Hillsborough Counties in the State of Florida. Ryan Beck is a broker-dealer engaged in underwriting, market making and distribution and trading of equity and fixed income securities. The firm also provides general securities brokerage services, including financial planning for the individual investor and consulting and financial advisory services to financial institutions and middle market companies.
BNS The Bank of Nova Scotia provides retail, commercial, corporate, investment and wholesale banking services through its network of branches and offices in all 10 provinces and two territories of Canada. The Bank also has branches and offices in 50 countries that provide a range of banking and financial services. The Bank is organized into three main operating segments: Domestic Banking, International Banking, and Scotia Capital. Domestic Banking, including Wealth Management, provides retail and commercial banking services through branch and electronic delivery channels, to individuals and small to medium-sized businesses in Canada. International Banking supplies retail and commercial banking services through branches, subsidiaries and foreign affiliates. Scotia Capital is an integrated corporate and investment bank, which services the credit, capital market and risk management needs of the Bank's global relationships with large corporations, financial institutions and governments.
BK The Bank of New York Company, Inc. is a securities servicing provider for investors, financial intermediaries and issuers. The Company is involved in the infrastructure of the capital markets, servicing securities in more than 100 markets worldwide. It focuses on highly scalable, fee-based securities servicing and fiduciary businesses. The Company distinguishes itself competitively by offering an array of products and services around the investment lifecycle. These include advisory and asset management services to support the investment decision; extensive trade execution, clearance and settlement capabilities; custody, securities lending, accounting and administrative services for investment portfolios, and risk and performance measurement tools for analyzing portfolios. It also provides services for issuers of both equity and debt securities.
BMO Bank of Montreal (BMO) offers a range of credit and non-credit products and services directly and through Canadian and non-Canadian subsidiaries, offices and branches. As of October 31, 2004, the Company maintained 988 bank branches in Canada and operated internationally in major financial markets and trading areas in eight other countries, including the United States. The Harris Bank group (Harris Bankcorp, Inc.), wholly owned by BMO, operates its own banking business in the United States, providing retail banking and private client and personal trust services, as well as corporate and investment banking. BMO also provides a range of investment dealer services through the BMO Nesbitt Burns group of companies, which include BMO Nesbitt Burns Inc., a fully integrated Canadian investment dealer in which Bank of Montreal owns 100% of the voting shares, and BMO Nesbitt Burns Corp., BMO's wholly owned registered securities dealer in the United States.
BMRC Bank of Marin is a financial institution that offers a variety of deposit products and a range of commercial and retail lending programs. The Company also offers investment advisory and personal trust services. It operates through eight branch offices in Marin and southern Sonoma Counties, north of San Francisco, California. Its customer base is made up of business and personal banking relationships from the communities near the eight branch office locations. The Company's business banking focus is on small to medium-sized businesses, the healthcare industry, professionals and not-for-profit organizations. The Company offers a range of commercial and retail lending programs designed to meet the needs of its target markets. These include commercial loans and lines of credit, construction financing, consumer loans, home improvement loans and home equity lines of credit. It also offers a proprietary Visa credit card to its customers.
IRE Bank of Ireland provides a broad range of financial services in Ireland to all major sectors of the Irish economy. These include checking and deposit services, overdrafts, term loans, mortgages, international asset financing, leasing, installment credit, debt factoring, foreign exchange facilities, interest and exchange rate hedging instruments, executor, trustee, stockbroking, life assurance and pension and investment fund management, fund administration and custodial services and financial advisory services, including mergers and acquisitions and underwriting. The Company provides services in Euro and other currencies. Bank of Ireland markets and sells its products on a domestic basis through its extensive nationwide distribution network in Ireland, which consisted of 262 full-time branches and 634 automated teller machines (ATMs) at March 31, 2003; its direct telephone banking service; direct sales forces, and its online services.
BOH Bank of Hawaii Corporation is the holding company for Bank of Hawaii (the Bank). Through the Bank, the Company provides a diversified range of banking financial services and products primarily in Hawaii and the Pacific Islands (Guam, nearby islands and American Samoa). The Bank's subsidiaries include Bank of Hawaii Leasing, Bankoh Investment Services, Pacific Century Life Insurance Company, Triad Insurance Agency, Bank of Hawaii Insurance Services and Bank of Hawaii International. The Bank's subsidiaries are engaged in equipment leasing, insurance and insurance agency services, securities brokerage and investment services. The Company's principal business segments are: Retail Banking, Commercial Banking, Investment Services Group, and Treasury and Other Corporate. In addition, the only other subsidiary of the Company is Bancorp Hawaii Capital Trust I, a guarantor trust.
GRAN Bank of Granite Corporation is a bank holding company. The Company engages in no operations other than ownership and operation of Bank of Granite (the Bank), a state bank, and Granite Mortgage, Inc., a mortgage bank. The Bank offers a variety of loan and deposit products and other financial services. It conducts its community banking business operations from 19 full-service offices and one loan-production office located in Caldwell, Catawba, Burke, Watauga, Wilkes and Mecklenburg counties in North Carolina. Bank of Granite segment originates, retains and sells mortgage loans. Its conducts its mortgage banking business operations from 11 offices in the Central and Southern Piedmont and Catawba Valley regions of North Carolina and in Hilton Head Island, South Carolina.
BOCH Bank of Commerce Holdings, formerly known as Redding Bancorp, is a financial holding company (FHC) of Redding Bank of Commerce (the Bank). The Bank operates four full-service branch facilities. The services offered by the Bank include those traditionally offered by commercial banks of similar size and character in California. Its provides products, such as checking, interest-bearing checking (negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW)) and savings accounts, money market deposit accounts, commercial, construction and term loans, travelers checks, safe deposit boxes, collection services and electronic banking activities. The Bank does not offer trust services or international banking services. The services offered by RBC Mortgage Services (the Mortgage Company), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, include single and multi-family financing, refinancing and equity lines of credit. The Bank's principal lines of lending are commercial, real estate construction and commercial real estate.
BAC Bank of America Corporation operates through its banking and non-banking subsidiaries as a provider of financial services and products throughout the United States and in selected international markets. As of December 31, 2003, the Company operated its banking activities primarily under two charters: Bank of America, National Association and Bank of America, N.A. (USA). Bank of America manages its operations through four business segments: Consumer and Commercial Banking, Asset Management, Global Corporate and Investment Banking and Equity Investments. On October 27, 2003, the Company and FleetBoston Financial Corporation, a diversified financial services company, signed an agreement and plan of merger. The merger closed in April 2004. In October 2004, the Company auquired National Processing, Inc., a public company, which is 83% owned by National City Corporation.
BKMU Bank Mutual Corporation was an OTS chartered United States corporation, which became the mid-tier holding company in the regulatory restructuring of Mutual Savings Bank, into mutual holding company form. On November 1, 2000, Bank Mutual Corporation also acquired First Northern Capital Corp., the parent of First Northern Savings Bank. On March 16, 2003, Mutual Savings Bank and First Northern Savings Bank combined to form a single OTS chartered savings bank subsidiary of Bank Mutual Corporation named Bank Mutual (the Bank). The Bank is a community oriented financial institution, which emphasizes traditional financial services to individuals and businesses within its market areas.
BDG Bandag, Incorporated is engaged in the manufacture and sale of precured tread rubber, equipment and supplies for retreading tires (the Traditional Business), and the sale and maintenance of new and retread tires to commercial and industrial customers through its wholly owned subsidiary, Tire Distribution Systems, Inc. (TDS). The Company and its licensees have 1,020 franchise locations worldwide, with 33% located in the United States and 67% internationally. The majority of Bandag's franchisees are independent operators of full-service tire distributorships, while the remaining are owned by TDS. The Traditional Business' revenues primarily come from the sale of retread material and equipment to its franchisees. TDS offers tire management services including the complete line of Bandag retreads, new tires (commercial, retail and off-the-road), alignment and 24-hour road service.
BTFG BancTrust Financial Group, Inc. is a bank holding company that offers a range of banking and trust services through its subsidiaries BankTrust, The Monroe County Bank, The Commercial Bank of Demopolis, Sweet Water State Bank, BankTrust of Florida, BankTrust of Alabama, BankTrust (Florida), South Alabama Trust Company, Inc. and BT Financial Services, Inc. The Company's banking subsidiaries offer banking services, including business and personal checking accounts, money market accounts, savings accounts, certificates of deposit, overdraft protection, the extension of business and personal loans, mortgages on commercial and residential real estate, access to automated teller machines (ATMs) through the Cirrus System, Inc., Pulse electronic funds transfer (EFT) Association and Star Honor Technologies, Inc., retail repurchase agreements, safe deposit box facilities, credit card privileges, traveler's checks, letters of credit, foreign transfers and remittances and wire transfers.
BOFL Bancshares of Florida Inc. serves as a holding company for Bank of Florida, N.A. (the Bank), a full-service commercial bank. The Company's primary customer base is businesses, professionals, and entrepreneurs with commercial real estate borrowing needs. The Bank also provides technology-based cash management and other depository services. In April 2000, Florida Trust Company was incorporated as a wholly owned subsidiary of Bank of Florida, N.A. In March 2003, the Company acquired Florida Trust Company from the Bank. Florida Trust Company offers investment management, trust administration, estate planning and financial planning services. The primary market areas of the Company are Collier and Lee Counties on the southwest coast of Florida (served by Bank of Florida, N.A.) and Broward, Dade and Palm Beach Counties on the southeast coast (served by Bank of Florida).
BCV Bancroft Convertible Fund, Inc. (the Fund), operates as a closed-end, diversified management investment company and invests primarily in convertible securities to provide income and the potential for capital appreciation. The Fund is a member of the Closed-End Fund Association (CEFA). During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the additions in the Fund's portfolio included Albertson's, Inc., Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc., Armor Holdings, Inc., Devon Energy Corp., Four Seasons Hotels, Inc., General Mills, Inc., ImClone Systems, Inc., Kulicke &amp; Soffa Industries, Inc., Leucadia National Corp., Novell, Inc., Ocwen Financial Corp., Per-Se Technologies, Inc., Schering-Plough Corp., Titan International, Inc., The Walt Disney Company and Weatherford International Ltd. Financial and Insurance, Banking/Savings and Loan, Pharmaceuticals and Technology accounted for 11.6%, 10.2%, 9.4% and 9%, respectively, of the Fund's investment during fiscal 2004.
BXS BancorpSouth, Inc. is a bank holding company with commercial banking and financial services operations in Mississippi, Tennessee, Alabama, Arkansas, Texas and Louisiana. Its principal subsidiary, BancorpSouth Bank (the Bank), and its subsidiaries, provide a range of financial services to individuals and small to medium-size businesses. The Bank operates investment services, consumer finance, credit insurance and insurance agency subsidiaries, which engage in investment brokerage services, consumer lending, credit insurance sales and sales of other insurance products. The Bank's trust department offers services, including personal trust and estate services and certain employee benefit accounts and plans. As of December 31, 2003, the Company and its subsidiaries had total assets of approximately $10.31 billion and total deposits of approximately $8.60 billion. In August 2003, BancorpSouth consummated a merger agreement with Ramsey, Krug, Farrell &amp; Lensing, Inc., an insurance firm.
BARI Bancorp Rhode Island, Inc. was organized to be a bank holding company and to acquire all of the capital stock of Bank Rhode Island (the Bank). The Company has no significant assets other than the common stock of the Bank. The Company's wholly owned subsidiary, the Bank, is a commercial bank chartered as a financial institution formed in 1996. It conducts business through 13 full-service branches, with nine located in Providence County and four located in Kent County, and provides a variety of deposit products, non-deposit investment products, commercial, residential and consumer loans, online banking services and other banking products and services designed to meet the needs of individuals and small to medium-sized businesses. The Bank also offers CampusMate, which is an integrated banking and electronic payment service designed to meet the needs of colleges and universities, their administrative staffs, students and parents.
CIB Bancolombia S.A., (The Bank) provides general banking products and services to large industrial companies, small and medium-sized companies and individuals. The Bank is engaged in retail banking, corporate banking and other financial activities directed through its two major customer segments, retail and corporate. The products and services include depositary services, personal and corporate loans, credit and debit cards, electronic banking, cash management, warehousing services, fiduciary and custodial services and dollar-denominated products. It also offers traditional banking products and services such as checking accounts, saving accounts, time deposits, lending (including overdraft facilities), credit cards and cash management services. In addition, the Bank offers non-traditional products and services such as pension banking, bancassurance, international transfers, fiduciary and trust services, leasing, brokerage services and investment banking.
ITU Banco Itau Holding Financeira S.A. (Banco Itau) is a private bank in Brazil, providing a broad range of banking services to a diverse customer base of individuals and corporations. It provides these services on an integrated basis through Banco Itau S.A. and its acquired banks, Banerj, Bemge, Banestado, Banco BEG (BEG), Fiat, Itau-BBA and Banco AGF S.A (AGF). The Company's principal operations categories are banking (including retail banking through Itau and corporate banking through Itau-BBA), credit cards, asset management and insurance, private retirement plans and capitalization plans, a type of savings and annuity plan. It provides a wide variety of credit and non-credit products and services directed toward individuals, small and middle-market companies and large corporations.
BCH Banco De Chile is engaged primarily in commercial banking in Chile, providing general banking services to a diverse customer base that includes large corporations, small and mid-sized businesses and individuals. The Company is a full-service financial institution providing, directly and indirectly through its subsidiaries and affiliates, a variety of credit and non-credit products and services. At December 31, 2003, the Bank of Chile had a network of 224 retail branches throughout Chile. The branch system serves as a distribution network for all of the products and services offered to customers. Its full-service branches accept deposits, disburse cash, offer a range of retail banking products, such as consumer loans, automobile financing, credit cards and checking accounts, lend to small and medium-size companies and provide information to current and potential customers.
BBD Bank Bradesco S.A. is a private-sector (non-government-controlled) bank that provides a range of banking and financial products and services in Brazil and abroad to individuals, small to medium-sized companies in Brazil and major local and international corporations and institutions. The Company's services and products encompass banking operations such as lending and deposit-taking, credit card issuance, insurance, leasing, payment collection and processing, pension plans, asset management and brokerage services. Bank Bradesco is also an insurance, pension plan and certificated savings plans provider in Brazil.
BBV Bank Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, S.A. (BBVA) is a highly diversified international financial group, with strengths in the traditional banking businesses of retail banking, asset management, private banking and wholesale banking. The Company also has a portfolio of industrial holdings in a number of companies in Spain. BBVA conducts its business through a substantial network of premises in Spain and abroad, including 3,371 branch offices in Spain, and, principally through its various affiliates, 3,553 branch offices abroad as of December 31, 2003. In 2003, the Company managed its business through five areas: Retail Banking in Spain and Portugal, Wholesale and Investment Banking, Banking in America, Corporate Activities and Other, and Argentina.
BB Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, Chile S.A. (BBVA Chile or the Bank) is a private commercial bank that provides a range of financial products and services to the retail and corporate banking markets throughout Chile. The Bank conducts its business through its 85 full-service branches, two limited-service branches, 101 pension payment centers and five subsidiaries. BBVA Chile's business activities are targeted principally at high, middle and lower-middle income individuals and large, medium and small size companies. The Bank also offers electronic banking, securities brokerage, financial advisory, residential leasing and insurance brokerage services through its subsidiaries. BBVA Chile's subsidiaries include BHIF Leasing S.A., BBVA Brokerage, BBVA Advisory, BBVA Residential Leasing, and BBVA Insurance Brokerage. On March 17, 2003, the Bank's name was changed from BBVA Banco BHIF to Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria, Chile S.A.
BANF BancFirst Corporation is a financial holding company that conducts its operating activities through its principal wholly owned subsidiary, BancFirst, a state-chartered bank that operates 86 banking locations, serving 44 communities throughout Oklahoma. It also owns 100% of the common securities of BFC Capital Trust I and BFC Capital Trust II, both business trusts, 75% of Century Life Assurance Company, an insurance company; and 100% of Council Oak Partners LLC, a limited liability company engaging in investing activities. The Company manages its community banking offices on a decentralized basis. The Bank provides centralized services such as data processing, operations support, bookkeeping, accounting, loan review, compliance and internal auditing to its community banking offices.
BLL Ball Corporation is a manufacturer of metal and plastic packaging, primarily for beverages and foods, and a supplier of aerospace and other technologies and services to government and commercial customers. The Company's businesses comprise three segments: North American packaging, international packaging, and aerospace and technologies. Ball's principal business in North America is the manufacture and sale of aluminum, steel and polyethylene terephthalate containers, primarily for beverages and foods. Ball Packaging Europe's operations consist of nine beverage can plants and two aluminum beverage can-end plants, a technical center in Bonn, Germany, and the European headquarters in Ratingen, Germany. Of the 11 plants, four are located in Germany, three in the United Kingdom, two in France and one each in The Netherlands and Poland. The aerospace and technologies segment includes defense operations, civil space systems and commercial space operations.
BMI Badger Meter, Inc. is a marketer and manufacturer of products using flow measurement and control technologies developed both internally and with other technology companies. The Company's products are used to measure and control the flow of liquids in a variety of applications. Its product lines fall into two general categories: utility and industrial. Two product lines, residential and commercial water meters (with various meter reading technology systems) are generally sold to water utilities. Industrial sales consist of the remainder of the sales and include automotive fluid meters and systems, small precision valves, electromagnetic meters, impeller flow meters and industrial process meters (all with related accessories and instrumentation). Residential and commercial water meters and related systems provide the majority of the Company's sales.
BTYH.OB Bad Toys Holdings, Inc. (Bad Toys) is the successor to a motorcycle business. Bad Toys manufactures for sale, V-twin motorcycles from component parts, maintains a customizing and motorcycle servicing operation and special orders premium accessories, parts, customizing items and apparel related to Harley-Davidson motorcycles. The Company's showcase model, the Phoenix, is a V-twin motorcycle. The Company builds it from component parts available from motorcycle parts suppliers. It has three Phoenix models on hand for display and for selling purposes. The Company also has models that are named the Taos and Concord, and are featured on its Website at www.badtoys.net. The Company's Rigid Frame and Tour Glide models, which are not shown on its Website, are in the development stage.
BYBI Back Yard Burgers, Inc. operates and franchises quick-service restaurants in 17 states, primarily in markets throughout the Southeast region of the United States. The Company's restaurants specialize in charbroiled and freshly prepared food. As its name implies, Back Yard Burgers offers ingredients and special care typified by outdoor grilling in a person's own backyard. The Company's menu features made-to-order gourmet 100% Black Angus hamburgers and chicken sandwiches, which are charbroiled over an open flame; fresh salads; chili, and other special entrees, as well as hand-dipped milkshakes, fresh-made lemonade and fresh-baked cobblers. During the fiscal year ended January 3, 2004 (fiscal 2003), its operations included 42 company-operated restaurants and 90 franchised restaurants.
BABB.OB BAB, Inc. operates, franchises and licenses bagel, muffin and coffee retail units under the Big Apple Bagels, My Favorite Muffin and Brewster's Coffee trade names. As of November 30, 2003, the Company had 182 units in operation in 27 states, plus eight international units, including outlets in Egypt, Peru and the United Arab Emirates. The Company also derives income from the sale of its trademark bagels, muffins and coffee through non-traditional channels of distribution, including under licensing agreements with Mrs. Fields Famous Brands, Kohr Bros. Frozen Custard and through direct home delivery of specialty muffin gift baskets and coffee. BAB has four Company-owned stores, 173 franchised locations and five licensees. Big Apple Bagels units are concentrated in the Midwest and Western United States, while My Favorite Muffin units are clustered in the Middle Atlantic States. The Brewster's coffee products are sold in all Company-owned and a majority of the franchised units.
AZZ AZZ Incorporated is an electrical equipment and components manufacturer serving the global markets of power generation, transmission and distribution and the general industrial markets, as well as a provider of hot-dip galvanizing services to the steel fabrication market throughout the United States. The Company offers products through two business segments, the Electrical and Industrial Products Segment and the Galvanizing Services Segment. The Electrical and Industrial Products Segment produces specialty electrical products, as well as lighting and tubular products. The Galvanizing Services Segment provides hot-dip galvanizing to the steel fabrication industry.
AZR Aztar Corporation develops and operates casinos in major domestic gaming markets in the United States. The Company has casino hotel facilities in Atlantic City, New Jersey, and Las Vegas and Laughlin, Nevada, and riverboat casinos in Caruthersville, Missouri, and Evansville, Indiana. The Tropicana Casino and Resort in Atlantic City has 1,625 hotel rooms and a 137,000-square-foot casino, while the Tropicana Casino and Resort in Las Vegas has 1,875 hotel rooms and suites and a 62,000-square-foot casino. Ramada Express Hotel and Casino in Laughlin has 1,500 hotel rooms and a 52,000-square-foot casino. Casino Aztar Evansville contains approximately 38,360 square feet of casino, while Casino Aztar Caruthersville has a capacity of 1,200 passengers plus crew and contains approximately 20,000 square feet of casino space.
AXTC.OB Axtive Corporation acquires technology companies that deliver software products and related professional services to middle-market companies. The Company offers products and services that improve the utilization of business information for middle-market companies within the United States. Its acquisitions target companies with existing relationships with Oracle, International Business Machines Corporation (IBM) or Microsoft that will allow the Company to take advantage of partnership opportunities available only to those select parties. The technology companies targeted for acquisition are those that operate within business sectors and operating business units, such as Information Technology (IT) Professional Services; Business Application Software (BAS) consisting of six product groups, and Application Services and Management. The Company's acquisitions have included ThinkSpark, VirtuallyThere, UDT Consulting and Media Resolutions.
AXTI AXT, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures and distributes high-performance compound semiconductor substrates comprising gallium arsenide (GaAs), indium phosphide (InP) and germanium (Ge). The Company's substrate products are used in wireless communications, lighting display applications and fiber-optic communications. The Company was formerly known as American Xtal Technology, Inc. AXT's vertical gradient freeze (VGF) technique is designed to control the crystal growth process with minimal temperature variation, and is the technique the Company uses to produce its GaAs, InP and Ge substrates.
AXYS Axsys Technologies, Inc. is a vertically integrated supplier of precision optical and motion control assemblies and components for high technology applications, serving the aerospace, defense, health imaging, semiconductor and graphic arts markets. It offers range of precision opto-mechanical and electromechanical components and subassemblies, which allow customers to meet the needs of rigorous operating environments such as the battlefield or space. The Company is organized into three groups: Aerospace and Defense Group, Commercial Products Group and Distributed Products Group. In addition, it distributes precision ball bearings used in a variety of industrial and commercial applications. Its engineered components and subassemblies serve as core technologies in numerous, vital military platforms and programs. In April 2004, the Company acquired Telic Optics, Inc., a privately owned manufacturer of infrared optics and optical assemblies.
AXO AXS-One Inc. designs, markets and supports n-tier, Internet-enabled client/server, e-business, financial, workflow, desktop data access and storage solutions and e-mail compliance software for global 2000 businesses, and scheduling and time and expense solutions for professional services organizations. The Company has two main product lines: AXS-One Enterprise and AXSPoint. AXS-One Enterprise is a suite of solutions that addresses mission critical financial processes directly affecting the overall performance of an enterprise. AXSPoint is a suite of products encompassing digital archival, content management, business process automation, process oriented data distribution and full-information life cycle management for regulatory compliance, risk management, improved storage and operations management, as well as delivery of Web content. The solutions are referred to as AXS-One Compliance Platform for e-mail, Instant Messaging, Operational e-mail Archival, Legal Discovery and Supervision.
AXYX Axonyx Inc. is engaged in the business of acquiring and developing novel post-discovery central nervous system drug candidates, primarily in areas of memory and cognition. It has acquired worldwide rights to three main classes of therapeutic compounds designed for the treatment of Alzheimer's disease (AD), mild cognitive impairment and related diseases. The Company has also acquired patent rights to a class of potential therapeutic compounds designed for the treatment of prion related diseases, which are degenerative diseases of the brain, including Creutzfeldt Jakob Disease, Bovine Spongiform Encephalopathy (mad cow disease) in cows and Scrapies disease in sheep. The Company out-sources all of its preclinical and clinical research and development, using contract research organizations (CROs) and sponsored research arrangements. It has contracted with several CROs to undertake the pre-clinical and clinical development of acetylcholinesterase inhibitor, Phenserine.
AXJ AXM Pharma, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company based in the People's Republic of China (PRC). The Company's business is the sale of over-the-counter (OTC) and prescription pharmaceutical products in the PRC. Its business is conducted by its wholly owned subsidiary, Shenyang Tianwei Werke Pharmaceuticals Co., Ltd., located in the City of Shenyang in the northeastern portion of the PRC. AXM Pharma's products are produced by third-party manufacturers and sold through third-party distributors. Shenyang Tianwei Werke Pharmaceuticals holds 43 licenses to produce OTC and prescription pharmaceutical products in the PRC. Of these 43 licenses, the Company has commercialized four, from which it produces five products. In March 2003, AXM Pharma was formed through a reverse acquisition between Axiom Pharmaceuticals and Shenyang Tianwei Pharmaceuticals.
AXS AXIS Capital Holdings Limited is a holding company that through its operating subsidiaries provides a range of insurance and reinsurance products on a worldwide basis. AXIS Specialty Holdings Ireland Limited, a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, acts as a holding company for AXIS Specialty Europe Limited and AXIS Re Limited. AXIS Specialty Europe is licensed as an Irish insurer. AXIS Re is also entitled to carry on reinsurance business from Ireland. AXIS Specialty U.S. Holdings Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary, acts as a holding company for the Company's United States operations. AXIS Reinsurance Company is licensed to write insurance and reinsurance in the United States and Puerto Rico. AXIS Specialty Insurance Company is a surplus lines-eligible insurer in 37 of the states and the District of Columbia. AXIS Surplus Insurance Company is a surplus lines-eligible insurer in 45 states and the District of Columbia.
AFT Axesstel, Inc. develops, designs, manufactures and markets carrier-grade subscriber terminals such as fixed wireless telephones, wireless hybrid products and enhanced wireless devices for the telecommunications market. Axesstel, headquartered in San Diego, California, is comprised of two groups, a San Diego-based organization and a Korea-based development and design facility. The San Diego office is chiefly composed of marketing, sales, operations, general research, finance and administration. The Axesstel Korea office is entirely dedicated to the design and production of advanced CDMA wireless products. The Company also provides engineering services to its network operator-based customers. Axesstel's product and development activities fall into three primary categories: Wireless Local Loop subscriber products, Wireless Hybrid Products and Strategic Original Design and Manufacturing product development.
XEDA Axeda Systems Inc. is a software and services company providing a category of business software known as device relationship management (DRM). The Company's flagship product, Axeda DRM System, is a distributed software solution designed to enable businesses to remotely monitor, manage and service intelligent devices. The Axeda DRM System enables manufacturers and service providers to use the Internet to establish and manage continuous connections with devices deployed at their customers' facilities, allowing them to stay in touch with their products throughout their lifecycle, tapping the value of remote device information with automated e-service, operations monitoring and e-commerce offerings. Axeda's customers include original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), in the medical instrument, enterprise technology, printer and copier and industrial and building automation industries.
AXSI.OB AXCESS International Inc. provides security and asset management systems that can automatically locate, identify, track, monitor, count and protect people, personal property and vehicles. The main applications of the Company's systems are security video through closed circuit television (CCTV), personnel and vehicle access control and automatic asset tracking and protection. AXCESS provides solutions in the homeland security markets such as air and ground transportation, water treatment facilities, oil and gas, power plants, as well as in the markets for data centers, retail/convenience stores, education, healthcare and corporate offices. The Company utilizes two integrated technologies: network-based radio frequency identification (RFID) and tagging and streaming video.
ACLS Axcelis Technologies, Inc. is a producer of ion implantation, dry strip, thermal processing and curing equipment used primarily in the fabrication of semiconductor chips in the United States, Europe and the Asia-Pacific region. The Company's ion implantation business accounted for approximately 73.7% of its revenues, in 2003, with the remaining 26.3% being the dry strip, thermal processing and photostabilization businesses. In addition to equipment, Axcelis provides aftermarket service and support, including spare parts, equipment upgrades, maintenance services and customer training. The Company has a 50%-owned joint venture with Sumitomo Heavy Industries, Ltd., known as Sumitomo Eaton Nova Corporation (SEN), which produces ion implantation equipment in Japan. SEN licenses technology from Axcelis for ion implantation and has exclusive rights to market these products in the territory of Japan. The Company sells its products primarily to semiconductor chip manufacturers.
AXCA Axcan Pharma Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company that focuses on the field of gastroenterology. The Company markets and sells pharmaceutical products used in the treatment of a variety of gastrointestinal diseases and disorders, with operations primarily in North America and Europe. As of September 30, 2003, its product portfolio included Ultrase, Viokase and Panzytrat for the treatment of certain gastrointestinal symptoms related to cystic fibrosis; Urso 250 for the treatment of certain cholestatic liver diseases; Salofalk and Canasa for the treatment of certain inflammatory bowel diseases, and Photofrin for the treatment of certain types of gastrointestinal cancers and other conditions. Axcan's revenue has historically been, and continues to be, principally derived from sales of pharmaceutical products to pharmaceutical wholesalers and chain pharmacies.
AXA AXA is and insurance company engaged in financial protection and wealth management. The Company operates primarily in Western Europe, North America and the Asia Pacific region and, to a lesser extent, in other regions, including in particular the Middle East. AXA has five operating business segments: Life &amp; Savings, Property &amp; Casualty, International Insurance (including reinsurance), Asset Management and Other Financial Services. In addition, various holding companies within AXA conduct certain non-operating activities. In July 2004, the Company acquired The MONY Group, Inc., a financial services firm that provides protection, accumulation and retail brokerage products through advisory and wholesale distribution channels.
AWRE Aware, Inc. is engaged in the development and marketing of intellectual property for broadband communications. It licenses its intellectual property to semiconductor companies that build integrated circuits based on its technology. The Company's principal offering is digital subscriber line (DSL) technology for the telecommunications industry. DSL enables telephone companies to use their existing copper telephone lines to offer broadband services. In addition to its intellectual property licensing business, Aware also sells asymmetric digital subscriber line (ADSL) related hardware products, which include ADSL Modules, ADSL Development Systems and ADSL Test Systems. It also develops and sells image and data compression software products, which compress digital images and data for law enforcement and other applications.
AVX AVX Corporation and its subsidiaries (collectively, AVX) manufacture and supply passive electronic components and related products. Electronic devices use the Company's passive component products to store, filter or regulate electric energy. Its passive electronic component products include ceramic and tantalum capacitors, film capacitors, varistors and non-linear resistors manufactured in the Company's facilities throughout the world, and passive components manufactured by Kyocera Corporation of Japan (Kyocera). The Company also manufactures and sells electronic connectors, and distributes and sells certain electronic connectors manufactured by Kyocera. In April 2004, AVX acquired certain sales and marketing subsidiaries from Kinseki Ltd. of Japan (KSS), a wholly owned subsidiary of Kyocera. In April 2004, the Company reorganized into a product-line organization, with five main product groups: Ceramic, Tantalum, Advanced, Connector and Kyocera Electronic Devices (KED).
AVP Avon Products, Inc. is a global manufacturer and marketer of beauty and related products. The Company's products fall into three product categories: Beauty, which consists of cosmetics, fragrances and toiletries; Beauty Plus, which consists of fashion jewelry, watches, apparel and accessories, and Beyond Beauty, which consists of home products, gift and decorative products and candles. Avon's business primarily consists of one industry segment, direct selling, which is conducted worldwide. The Company's segments are based on geographic operations in four regions: North America, Latin America, Europe and the Pacific. In 2003, Avon launched in the United States a new global cosmetics brand, mark., focusing on the market for young women.
AVCT Avocent Corporation designs, manufactures, sells and licenses analog and digital KVM (keyboard, video and mouse) switching systems, serial connectivity devices, extension, and wireless extension products and technologies for the computer industry. Its switching solutions include products and technologies sold or licensed under the Avocent, Apex, Cybex and Equinox brands, including the AMX, AutoView, DS Series, SwitchView, OutLook, LongView and XP4000 Series products. The Equinox SuperSerial product line provides serial communications for security, commercial point-of-sale, process control, industrial automation, data collection, remote access, fax servers, Internet access and custom applications. The Company's Digital Desktops product line includes the Cstation product. Other products offered by Avocent include console port server appliances and power management devices, as well as embedded applications, solutions and systems.
AVT Avnet, Inc. is an industrial distributor of electronic components, enterprise network and computer equipment and embedded subsystems. Avnet creates a vital link in the technology supply chain that connects electronic component and computer product manufacturers to a global customer base of over 100,000 original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), contract manufacturers, value-added resellers (VARs) and end users. Avnet distributes electronic components and computer products as received from its suppliers or with assembly or other value added by Avnet. The Company provides engineering design, materials management and logistics services, system integration and configuration and supply chain advisory services. . The Company operates in two segments: Avnet Electronics Marketing (EM) and Avnet Technology Solutions (TS).
AVR Avitar, Inc., through its wholly owned subsidiary Avitar Technologies, Inc. (ATI) develops, manufactures, markets and sells diagnostic test products and hydrophilic polyurethane foam disposables fabricated for medical, diagnostics, dental and consumer use. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Company continued the development and marketing of point-of-care oral fluid drugs of abuse tests, which use the Company's foam as the means for collecting the oral fluid sample. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, BJR Security, Inc. (BJR), the Company provides specialized contraband detection and education services. The products offered by the Company include diagnostic test products and drug detection services, and foam disposable products.
AVSR Avistar Communications Corporation develops, markets and supports an integrated suite of video-enabled e-business applications all powered by the AvistarVOS software. The Company delivers television-quality interactive video calling, content creation and publishing, broadcast origination and distribution, video-on-demand and integrated data sharing. The Avistar video and data collaboration applications are all managed by the AvistarVOS video operating system. The Company operates in two segments: Avistar Communications Corporation is engaged in the design, development, manufacture, sale and marketing of networked video communications products and associated support services, and Collaboration Properties, Inc. (CPI), a wholly owned subsidiary, is engaged in the prosecution, maintenance, support and licensing of Company software and the intellectual property developed and used in Avistar's products.
AVA Avista Corporation is an energy company engaged in the generation, transmission and distribution of energy, as well as other energy-related businesses. The Company has four business segments: Avista Utilities, Energy Marketing and Resource Management, Avista Advantage and Other. Avista Utilities generates, transmits and distributes electricity, and distributes natural gas. It also engages in wholesale purchases and sales of electric capacity and energy. The Energy Marketing and Resource line of business includes the operations of Avista Energy and Avista Power. Avista Advantage is a provider of utility bill processing, payment and information services to multi-site customers throughout North America. The Other business segment includes Avista Ventures, Pentzer, Avista Development and certain other operations of Avista Capital.
AVGN Avigen, Inc. focuses on the development of pharmaceutical products for the treatment of serious and chronic hematological and neurological diseases. The Company has developed deoxyribonucleic acid-based (DNA-based) drug delivery technologies, including its gene-delivery platform based on adeno-associated virus vectors. It is using its DNA-based drug delivery technologies to develop products designed to treat hematological and neurological diseases that are difficult to treat using conventional pharmaceutical drugs. In May 2004, the Company made a strategic decision to discontinue its Phase I trial for Coagulin-B and shift those resources into product candidates that more closely align with its new mission, in which it will expand and pursue its research and development efforts on serious and life-threatening neurological disorders, including Parkinson's disease and chronic neuropathic pain.
AVID Avid Technology, Inc. develops, markets, sells and supports a range of software and hardware products for digital media production, management and distribution. The Company has two principal business segments, Video and Film Editing and Effects, and Professional Audio. The Video and Film Editing and Effects segment produces non-linear video and film editing systems as well as 3-D and special effects software designed to provide capabilities for editing and finishing feature films, television shows, broadcast news programs, commercials, music videos and corporate and home videos. The Professional Audio segment produces digital audio systems for the professional audio market, including products developed to provide audio recording, editing, signal processing, and automated mixing. Sales of the Company's products in the Americas have typically accounted for approximately 53% of its consolidated net revenues, while sales in Europe and Asia Pacific represent the remaining 47%.
AVCI Avici Systems Inc. provides high-speed core Internet infrastructure equipment that enables telecommunications companies and Internet service providers, referred to as carriers, to transmit large volumes of data across their networks. Avici's high-performance routing solutions are designed and built to deliver the scalability, reliability and performance that carriers need to support a range of applications. The Company offers customers three different equipment configurations, the Terabit Switch Router, the Stackable Switch Router and the Quarter-rack Scalable Router. Each chassis is configured with its line cards and software to support a range of speeds, protocols and carrier services. The Company sells and markets its products through its direct sales force, sales agents, systems integrators and third-party distributors, including Nortel Networks and Huawei Technologies.
AVL Aviall, Inc. is engaged in the distribution and supply of new aviation parts, supply-chain management and other related value-added services, primarily to the aerospace aftermarket and the provision of online inventory information services to aerospace, defense and marine industries. The Company serves the aerospace, markets through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Aviall Services, Inc. (Aviall Services) and Inventory Locator Service, LLC (ILS). Aviall Services purchases a range of new aviation parts, components and supplies from approximately 215 original equipment manufacturers and resells them to government/military, general aviation/corporate and commercial airline customers, through its network of customer service centers located in North America, Europe, Asia, New Zealand and Australia. ILS operates electronic marketplaces for buying and selling parts, equipment and services for the aviation, defense and marine industries.
AVII AVI Biopharma, Inc. (AVI) is a biopharmaceutical company developing therapeutic products principally based on third-generation NEUGENE antisense technology. Its principal products in development target life threatening diseases, including cardiovascular disease, infectious disease and cancer. The Company has completed preclinical and some clinical studies, using its NEUGENE drugs in the treatment of cardiovascular disease, infectious disease, cancer and polycystic kidney disease (PKD), and in regulating drug metabolism. It has completed four Phase I trials in drug metabolism program, and two Phase Ib trials in cancer and polycystic kidney disease programs.
AVY Avery Dennison Corporation and its subsidiaries include the production of pressure-sensitive adhesives and materials and the production of consumer and converted products. Some pressure-sensitive adhesives and materials are converted into labels and other products through embossing, printing, stamping and die-cutting, and some are sold in unconverted form as base materials, tapes and reflective sheeting. The Company also manufactures and sells a variety of consumer and converted products and other items not involving pressure-sensitive components, such as notebooks, three-ring binders, organizing systems, markers, fasteners, business forms and reflective highway safety products, as well as tickets, tags, labels and imprinting equipment for retail and apparel manufacturers.
PIXG.OB Avenue Entertainment Group, Inc. is an independent entertainment company that produces feature films, television films, series for televisions, made-for-television/cable movies and one-hour profiles of Hollywood stars both domestically and internationally. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Avenue Pictures that was acquired from Cary Brokaw and Wombat Productions, from the Wombat Division.
AV Avaya Inc. is a provider of communications systems, applications and services that help enterprises transform their businesses by redefining the way they work and interact with their customers, employees, business partners, suppliers and others. Its product offerings include Internet Protocol, or IP, telephony systems; appliances, such as telephone sets; multi-media contact center infrastructure and applications in support of customer relationship management; unified communications applications, and traditional voice communication systems. Avaya historically organized its business into four segments: enterprise communications group, small and medium business solutions, services and connectivity solutions. In February 2004, the Company sold the connectivity solutions business to CommScope, Inc. In November 2004, the company acquired Tenovis GmbH &amp; Co. KG, a European provider of enterprise communications systems and services, from affiliates of Kohlberg Kravis Roberts &amp; Co.
AVXT.OB AVAX Technologies, Inc. is a development stage biotechnology firm specializing in the development and commercialization of individualized vaccine therapies and small molecules for the treatment of cancer and other life-threatening diseases. The Company also offers biological manufacturing services to other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. It has three programs that are developing treatments for cancer. AVAX's AC vaccine immunotherapy technology utilizes the patient's tumor as the basis for a therapeutic vaccine. The Company also has licensed patents relating to a series of novel cancer-fighting anti-estrogen compounds that may be effective against hormone-dependent tumors. AVAX also licensed certain patent applications relating to a series of anti-cancer agents or compounds (topoisomerase targeting compounds) that interact with topoisomerase I and topoisomerase II enzymes.
AVSO.OB Avatech Solutions, Inc. is a provider of design automation and data management solutions for the manufacturing, building design, engineering and total infrastructure and facilities management markets. The Company specializes in software development and customization, technical support, training and consulting, aimed at improving design and documentation efficiencies and the seamless integration of workflow processes. Its product sales are primarily the resale of packaged design software programs that are installed on a user workstation, on a local area network server, or in a hosted environment. The programs perform and support a wide variety of functions related to design, modeling, drafting, mapping, rendering and facilities management tasks.
AVTR Avatar Holdings Inc. is engaged in real estate operations. Avatar's residential community development activities include semi-custom and production homebuilding. Its assets consist primarily of real estate in the states of Florida and Arizona. In the Florida communities of Harbor Islands, Poinciana, Solivita, Bellalago and Cory Lake Isles, the Arizona community of Rio Rico and properties in Ocala Springs and Banyan Bay, Florida, Avatar owns more than 18,000 acres of developed, partially developed or developable residential, commercial and industrial property. In 2002, Avatar entered into a joint venture for development of a highrise condominium in Hollywood, Florida. The Company also engages in a variety of other real estate-related activities, such as the operation of amenities, the sale of commercial and industrial land and the operation of a title insurance agency. Avatar also operates a water and wastewater utility at Rio Rico, Arizona.
AVAN AVANT Immunotherapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company that uses novel applications of immunology to develop products for the prevention and treatment of diseases. The Company is developing a portfolio of vaccines and immunotherapeutics addressing applications, including cardiovascular disease, bacterial and viral diseases, and biodefense and food safety. These include single-dose, oral vaccines that protect against important disease-causing agents, a novel vaccine candidate for cholesterol management and a treatment to reduce complement-mediated tissue damage associated with cardiac by-pass surgery. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries are AVANT TC Merger Corp. and Virus Research Institute, Inc. (VRI). The Company is building business franchises in three disease areas: cardiovascular diseases, including cholesterol management, bacterial vaccines and viral vaccines.
AVN AVANIR Pharmaceuticals (AVANIR) focuses on treatments of chronic diseases. The Company is developing Neurodex for the treatment of pseudobulbar affect and chronic diabetic neuropathic pain. It has completed two Phase III trials of Neurodex in the treatment of PBA in patients with multiple sclerosis and with Lou Gehrig's disease, amyotrophic lateral sclerosis, and one Phase II trial for the treatment of diabetic neuropathic pain. AVANIR has a product for allergy and asthma, AVP-13358, which is in Phase I clinical development. The clinical, pre-clinical research and drug discovery programs are focused on small molecules that can be taken orally as therapeutic treatments. Other small-molecule research programs include treatments for atherosclerosis and inflammation, which are in the pre-clinical development stage. In May 2004, AVANIR formed an agreement with The Gerolymatos Group to manufacture and market docosanol 10% cream as a treatment for cold sores.
AVIT.OB Avani International Group Inc. has constructed a bottling facility and has been engaged in the business of bottling and distributing bottled water product under the trade name of Avani Water. The product is bottled water produced from technology developed by the Company. It has two wholly owned subsidiaries, Avani Oxygen Water Corporation (formerly Avani Water Corporation), and Avani International Marketing Corporation. The Company sells its product in the greater Vancouver metropolitan area and internationally in Hong Kong, Malaysia, Japan and Australia. It provides home and business delivery of five gallon bottles in the Vancouver metropolitan area and sells 500 milliliter and 1.5 liter PET (polyethylene terephthalate) bottles directly to retail outlets in the Vancouver area.
AVNX Avanex Corporation is a global provider of cost-effective, high-performance photonic processing solutions that enable optical communications networks to achieve performance. Telecommunications system integrators and their network carrier customers use the Company's photonic processing solutions to enhance system performance and increase network speed and efficiency. Communications network carriers are deploying fiber-optic transmission systems to improve the networks' ability to transmit and manage the high volume of voice, video and data traffic generated by the growth of the Internet. The Company's photonic processing technologies are designed to increase the performance of these optical transmission systems.
AVB AvalonBay Communities, Inc. is a real estate investment trust that focuses on the development, redevelopment, acquisition, ownership and operation of apartment communities in high barrier-to-entry markets of the United States. At February 27, 2004, the Company owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in 131 operating apartment communities containing 38,504 apartment homes in 10 states and the District of Columbia, of which two communities containing 1,089 apartment homes were under reconstruction. In addition, at that date, AvalonBay owned or held a direct or indirect ownership interest in 11 communities under construction that are expected to contain an aggregate of 3,493 apartment homes when completed. It also owned a direct or indirect ownership interest in rights to develop an additional 40 communities that, if developed in the manner expected, will contain an estimated 10,070 apartment homes.
AWX Avalon Holdings Corporation operates in three business segments: transportation services, waste management services and golf and related operations. Transportation services and waste management services are provided to industrial, commercial, municipal and governmental customers primarily in selected northeastern and midwestern United States markets. The Company's transportation services segment provides transportation of hazardous and non-hazardous waste, transportation of general and bulk commodities and the brokerage and management of transportation services. Its waste management services segment provides hazardous and non-hazardous waste brokerage and management services and captive landfill management services. The Company's golf course and related operations segment operates two 18-hole golf courses and related facilities in Warren, Ohio, and Vienna, Ohio.
AVGC.OB Avalon Gold Corporation was dormant from 1991 to 1996 and has no revenue generating operations during the year ended December 31, 2003. Avalon was considered a development stage company since January 1, 1996 and as a result of changing its business focus to acquisition and exploration of mineral properties is considered to be an exploration stage company. On September 8, 2003, the Company changed its name from Iceberg Brands Corporation to Avalon Gold Corporation.
CITY Avalon Correctional Services, Inc. owns and operates private community correctional facilities. Avalon specializes in operating private community correctional facilities and in providing alternative correctional programming. The Company owns and operates 2,300 private community corrections beds. It owns and operates three community correctional facilities, a 160-bed correctional center and one intermediate sanction unit in Oklahoma, two medium-security facilities and one community correctional facility in Texas and four community correctional facilities in Colorado. The Avalon facilities provide numerous alternative programs for offenders generally serving the last six months of their sentence. The Company provides contract agencies a complete range of services relating to the security, detention and care of offenders and a broad range of rehabilitative programs to reduce recidivism.
AUXL Auxilium Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company that develops and markets products for urologic and sexual health. It markets one product through its 100-person sales and marketing organization and has three primary products in development. The Company's marketed product, Testim, is a topical 1% testosterone gel indicated for the treatment of hypogonadism. Hypogonadal men exhibit lower than normal levels of testosterone, resulting in a variety of symptoms. These symptoms include low-energy levels, loss of sex drive, decreased muscle mass and mild depression. Auxilium's product pipeline includes AA4500 for the treatment of Peyronie's disease, an additional product for the treatment of hypogonadism, as well as a treatment for overactive bladder, a medical condition affecting both men and women characterized by urinary urgency and increased frequency of urination.
AUXO.OB Auxilio, Inc. provides integration strategies and outsourced services for image management in healthcare. It helps hospitals and health systems reduce expenses and create image management infrastructures by managing their back-office processes. The process is initiated through TeqTrak, a financial analysis that is performed at the customer premises using a combination of processes and Web-based technology for data collection and report generation. The Company capitates the cost of the entire image management process for the customer and places a resident team onsite to manage the process. The Company is focused solely on the healthcare industry. In March 2004, Workstream Inc., a provider of enterprise software and workforce management solutions, acquired the business operations of the Company. In April 2004, the Company's subsidiary, PPVW Acquisition Company, completed an acquisition of Alan Mayo &amp; Associates. In May 2004, the Company changed its name from PeopleView, Inc.
AZO Autozone, Inc. is a specialty retailer of automotive parts and accessories, with most of its sales to do-it-yourself (DIY) customers. During the fiscal year ended August 28, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Company operated 3,420 auto parts stores in the United States and 63 in Mexico. Each of its stores carries a product line for cars, sport utility vehicles, vans and light trucks, including new and re-manufactured automotive hard parts, maintenance items, accessories and non-automotive products. The Company has a commercial sales program that provides commercial credit and prompt delivery of parts and other products to local, regional and national repair garages, dealers and service stations. In addition, it also sells the ALLDATA brand automotive diagnostic and repair software. On the Web at www.autozone.com, the Company sells diagnostic and repair information, auto and light truck parts, and accessories.
AN AutoNation, Inc. is an automotive retailer in the United States. The Company offers a diversified range of automotive products and services, including new vehicles, used vehicles, vehicle maintenance and repair services, vehicle parts, extended service contracts, vehicle protection products and other aftermarket products. The Company also arranges financing for vehicle purchases through third-party finance sources. As of December 31, 2003, AutoNation owned and operated 367 new vehicle franchises from 283 stores located in major metropolitan markets in 17 states, predominantly in the Sunbelt region of the United States. The Company's stores sell 35 different brands of new vehicles. The core brands of vehicles that AutoNation sells, representing approximately 98% of the new vehicles that it sold in 2003, are manufactured by Ford, General Motors, DaimlerChrysler, Toyota, Nissan, Honda and BMW.
ADP Automatic Data Processing, Inc. (ADP), together with its subsidiaries, is a provider of computerized transaction processing, data communication and information services. All of ADP's services are offered broadly across North America and Europe. Some services within the Employer Services and Brokerage Services business units are also offered in Australia and Asia, and Employer Services also provides services in South America (primarily Brazil). In November 2004, ADP Brokerage Services Group (ADP), a division of ADP acquired the United States Clearing and BrokerDealer Services units of Bank of America Corporation. The new business unit, ADP Clearing &amp; Outsourcing Services, is a member of the New York Stock Exchange.
ALV Autoliv Inc. is a holding company that operates mainly in the global automotive industry, providing components of integrated car passenger protection systems through its principal subsidiaries, Autoliv AB (AAB) and Autoliv ASP, Inc (ASP). AAB primarily develops, manufactures and supplies car occupant restraint systems. Its range of products also includes frontal airbags, side-impact airbags, steering wheels, seat sub-systems and other safety systems and products. ASP primarily designs, develops and manufactures airbag inflators, modules and airbag cushions, as well as seat belts and steering wheels. It sells inflators and modules for use in driver, passenger, side-impact and knee bolster airbag systems for worldwide automotive markets. The Company has production facilities in 29 countries and has a customer base that is comprised predominantly of car manufacturers.
AUTO.OB AutoInfo, Inc. is a non-asset based transportation services company. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Sunteck Transport Co., Inc., the Company provides transportation capacity and related transportation services to shippers throughout the United States, and to a lesser extent, Canada. Sunteck is a full-service third-party transportation logistics provider. Sunteck's supply chain services include ground transportation coast-to-coast, local pick-up and delivery, warehousing, air freight and ocean freight. In addition, AutoInfo provides brokerage services and contract carrier services.
ADSK Autodesk, Inc. is a design software and digital content company with two operating segments, Design Solutions and Discreet. The principal products sold by the Design Solutions segment include AutoCAD and AutoCAD LT products. In addition to software products, the segment offers a range of services, including consulting, support and training. The Discreet segment develops, integrates, markets, sells and supports film and television compositing systems, High-Definition and Standard-Definition broadcast editorial and finishing systems, Digital Cinema production systems for color grading and film finishing and animation, visualization and streaming media products. In addition to the customers served by the two operating segments, the Company's Location Services division offers a technology platform designed to deliver location-based applications to wired, mobile and wireless users.
ADAT Authentidate Holding Corp. (AHC) is engaged in the development of security software technology, document imaging software products and systems integration services and products. The Company operates through its DocStar division and its subsidiaries DJS Marketing Group, Inc. (DJS), Authentidate, Inc., Authentidate International, AG and Trac Medical Solutions, Inc. The Company's products and services include document imaging software and systems; authentication and security software products, and computer systems and related peripheral equipment, components, and accessories and the provision of network and Internet services. AHC was formerly known as Bitwise Designs, Inc. Through AHC's DocStar division, it develops document-imaging software, and markets and sells the software products, either as a stand-alone product or integrated with hardware. DocStar products are sold through a national dealer network.
AUOM.OB Auteo Media, Inc. is seeking to either identify a suitable business opportunity or enter into a suitable business combination. It no longer has an active operating business that it can pursue. Until it secures a suitable business opportunity or combination, it will operate as a blank check company. Once a business opportunity or business combination has been identified, the Company will investigate and evaluate the business opportunity or business combination. In selecting a suitable business opportunity or business combination, Auteo Media intends to focus on the potential for future profits and strength of operating management of the business opportunity or business combination.
ANZ Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ANZ) is one of the four banking groups headquartered in Australia. ANZ provides a broad range of banking and financial products and services to retail, small business, corporate and institutional clients. The Company conducts its operations primarily in Australia and New Zealand (approximately 93% of its total assets, for the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004)), and the remainder of its operations are conducted in the United Kingdom, the United States and a number of other countries, most of which are located in the Asia-Pacific region. In fiscal 2004, it had 1,190 branches and other points of representation worldwide. On October 12, 2004, the Company announced it had signed an agreement with Equity Trustees Limited, to merge the Group's trustee business with Equity Trustees Limited.
APXYF.OB Austral Pacific Energy Ltd. (Austral Pacific) is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company based in Wellington, New Zealand. The Company operates exclusively in the Austral-Pacific region and holds working interests in 21 exploration permits covering 4 million acres in New Zealand, Australia, and Papua New Guinea.
ACKO.OB Austin Chalk Oil and Gas, Ltd., formerly KNW Networks, Inc., has no operations or productive assets. The Company may seek to find one or more profitable business opportunities when market and financial conditions are more favorable. It has generated no revenues since inception. The Company remained substantially dormant in 2003 and expects to remain dormant during at least part of 2004. It did not engage in any capital formation activities or business operations during the first half of 2004.
AZK Aurizon Mines Ltd. is a gold mining company with operations and exploration activities in the gold producing Abitibi region of northwestern Quebec. Aurizon owns 50% of the Sleeping Giant Mine and owns 100% of the Casa Berardi property, all of which are located in the Abitibi region. The Company's properties are at various stages of exploration and development. Mineral reserves have been estimated for the Sleeping Giant Mine, which is in production, and the Casa Berardi property, upon which an internal feasibility study has been completed.
AURA.OB Aura Systems, Inc. designs, assembles and sells the AuraGen, a mobile power generator that uses the engine of a vehicle to generate power. AuraGen units have been sold to more than 500 customers in more than 10 industries, including recreational, utilities, telecommunications, emergency/rescue, public works, catering, oil and gas, transportation, government and the military. Until 1992, the Company was engaged in supplying defense technology to classified military programs. During the fiscal year ended February 29, 2004 (fiscal 2004), Aura Systems received a contract from the Army, under a Federal fiscal 2004 budget line item, to improve system elements, conduct an operational field evaluation with several Army Commands, and test and qualify the VIPER (the military version of the AuraGen) as an approved system kit.
AULT Ault Incorporated (Ault) designs, manufactures power conversion products and markets it to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) of data communications equipment, telecommunications equipment, portable medical devices and equipment, as well as scanning and printing equipment and industrial equipment. The products of the Company include switching power supplies, linear power supplies, transformers, battery charges and direct current (DC)/DC converters, and accounted for approximately 59%, 25%, 5%, 7% and 4%, respectively, of the Company's total sales during the fiscal year ended may 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004). During fiscal year ended June 2, 2002 (fiscal 2002), the Company added a line of mobile products to its portfolio. The most significant market for the Company's products has been OEMs of telecommunications/data communications equipment (broadband modems, wireless and wire line) and represented approximately 40% of the Ault's net sales during fiscal 2004.
AUGT August Technology Corporation is engaged in the research, design, development, manufacture, marketing, sales, distribution and service of automated defect detection and review systems used in the manufacture of microelectronic devices including semiconductor devices, as well as emerging microelectronic device markets. The Company's products are VersaScope advanced microscope-based imaging system; B20 for automated wafer back-side inspection and metrology option; EXi Series automated wafer edge inspection and metrology systems; AXi Series automated defect inspection systems; 3Di Series automated wafer bump inspection and metrology systems; YieldPilot defect review and process analysis software; NSX Series automated defect inspection systems; WAV Series probe mark inspection systems, and CV Series for cassette verification and metrology.
VOXX Audiovox Corporation designs and markets handsets and accessories for wireless communications, mobile entertainment and security products, mobile electronic products and accessories and consumer electronic products and accessories. It markets its products under the Audiovox brand name and others, such as Jensen, Magnate, Mac Audio, Heco, Acoustic Research and Advent, as well as private labels through a diverse distribution network both domestically and internationally. The Company operates through two marketing groups, Wireless and Electronics. The Wireless Group sells wireless handsets and accessories through domestic and international wireless carriers and their agents, independent distributors and retailers. The Electronics Group sells autosound, mobile electronics and consumer electronics through domestic and international distribution channels. In November 2004, the Company sold its cellular subsidiary's business, Audiovox Communications Corp., to UTStarcom, Inc.
AUDC AudioCodes Ltd. designs, develops and markets enabling technologies and system products for the transmission of voice, data and fax over packet networks, known as new voice infrastructure. The Company's products enable customers to build packet-networking equipment, and provide the building blocks to connect traditional telephone networks with the new voice infrastructure. Its products are sold to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), system integrators and network equipment providers in the telecommunications and networking industries. The Company's voice compression technology permits the transmission of voice over packet networks, using less network capacity than used in traditional telephone networks. Its products enable customers to build gateways and access equipment that are used to connect traditional telephone networks with packet networks.
ADBL Audible, Inc. is a provider of Internet audio information and entertainment service that specializes in the spoken word, selling membership-based spoken audio content, such as audio versions of books, newspapers, magazines, original productions and public radio subscriptions. Its integrated spoken audio delivery service includes five components: its Website, audible.com; a collection of digital audio content; a software for securing, downloading, managing, transferring, burning and playing audio selections; a variety of AudibleReady players, which include its technology and features that manage the listening experience, and other services, which are provided to over 50 public library and school library systems. Audible offers its customers the opportunity to join AudibleListener, a monthly membership service. For a fixed monthly fee, AudibleListener customers may download their choice of programs from the Company's Website.
AUBN Auburn National Bancorporation, Inc. is a bank holding company that provides a range of banking services to individual and corporate customers in Lee County, Alabama, and surrounding counties through its subsidiary, AuburnBank (the Bank). The Bank offers checking, savings, transaction deposit accounts and certificates of deposit and is an active residential mortgage lender in its primary service area. It also offers commercial, financial, agricultural, real estate construction and consumer loan products and other financial services. Auburn Bank offers VISA Checkcards, which are debit cards with the VISA logo that work like checks but can be used anywhere VISA is accepted. The Bank's VISA Checkcards can be used internationally through the cirrus network. Auburn Bank conducts its business from its main office and seven branches in Alabama. It also has a mortgage loan office in Phenix City, Alabama, and 14 automated teller machine locations.
AUO AU Optronics Corp. designs, develops, manufactures and assembles flat panel displays. Substantially all of the Company's products are thin film transistor - liquid crystal display (TFT-LCD) panels, which are the most widely used flat panel display technology. Its panels are used in computer products, such as notebook computers and desktop monitors; in consumer electronic products, such as digital cameras, digital camcorders, cellular phones, and in LCD television products. AU Optronics sells its products primarily to original equipment manufacturers mostly in Taiwan, including BenQ, Compal and Lite-On Technology.
ATW Atwood Oceanics, Inc. is engaged in the international offshore drilling of exploration and developmental oil and gas wells in offshore areas and related support, management and consulting services. During its 36-year history, the majority of the Company's drilling units have operated outside of United States waters. It has conducted drilling operations in most of the major offshore exploration areas of the world. It worldwide operations revolve around eight offshore mobile drilling units located in four regions: Southeast Asia, Australia, the Mediterranean Sea and the United States and Gulf of Mexico. Approximately 94% of its contract revenues were derived from foreign operations, during the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004). The submersible RICHMOND is its only drilling unit working in United States waters. Atwood supports operations from its Houston headquarters and offices located in Australia, Malaysia, Egypt, Indonesia, Singapore and the United Kingdom.
ATTU Attunity Ltd. designs, develops, markets and supports standards-based integration middleware for accessing mainframe, enterprise data sources and legacy applications. The Company's principal product is Attunity Connect, which enables information technology (IT), departments, software developers, systems integrators, original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and others to access an array of data sources and applications on computing platforms. The Company also provides consulting, maintenance and other related services, including maintenance services to its legacy products, such as CorVision, an application generator; APTuser, a database retrieval and production report generator, and Mancal 2000, a logistics and financial application software package. Attunity provides direct support services to its customers, including hot-line support, training and professional services, along with consulting services.
T AT&amp;T Corp. is a telecommunications and networking provider that offers services and customized solutions in 60 countries and 850 cities worldwide. It has two business segments: AT&amp;T Business Services and AT&amp;T Consumer Services. AT&amp;T Business Services provides communication services to various-sized businesses and government agencies, including long distance, international, toll-free and local voice, including wholesale transport services, as well as data services and Internet protocol and enhanced (IP&amp;E) services, which includes the management of network servers and applications. AT&amp;T Consumer Services provides communication services to residential customers. These services include traditional long distance voice services, such as domestic and international dial services and calling card services. Transaction services, such as prepaid cards and operator-assisted calls, are also offered. AT&amp;T Consumer Services also provides dial-up Internet services and all distance services.
ATSX.OB ATSI Communications, Inc. is an international telecommunications carrier that utilizes the Internet to provide economical international telecommunications services. The Company's operations consist of providing digital voice communications over data networks and the Internet using Voice-over-Internet-Protocol (VoIP). It provides quality voice and enhanced telecommunication services to carriers, telephony resellers and others through various agreements with local service providers in the United States, Mexico, Asia, the Middle East and Latin America utilizing VoIP telephony services. Two of the Company's subsidiaries, ATSI (Texas), Inc. (ATSI Texas) and TeleSpan, Inc. (TeleSpan), filed for protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code on February 4, 2003 and February 18, 2003 respectively. The court ordered joint administration of these cases on April 9, 2003 and on May 14, 2003 converted the cases to a Chapter 7 proceeding.
ATSI ATS Medical, Inc. manufactures and markets a mechanical bileaflet heart valve with an open pivot design. Its valve is used to treat heart valve failure caused by the natural aging process, rheumatic heart disease, prosthetic valve failure and congenital defects. The ATS Open Pivot Heart Valve (ATS Open Pivot) incorporates a pivot consisting of protruding spheres upon which the leaflets of the valve pivot to open and close. This open pivot has been designed to eliminate the cavity associated with the pivot of other bileaflet valves and to improve the ability of the blood to flow through the valve without forming clots. The standard ATS heart valve is available in seven sizes ranging from 19 millimeters to 31 millimeters in diameter, with sewing cuffs for either aortic valve or mitral valve replacement.
ATRI Atrion Corporation designs, develops, manufactures, markets, sells and distributes products and components, primarily for the medical and healthcare industry. The Company's products and services range from ophthalmology and cardiovascular products to fluid delivery devices, contract manufacturing and kitting services. Atrion has a line of non-medical components that are sold for use in aviation and marine safety products. At December 31, 2003, Novartis was the only customer accounting for more than 10% of the Company's revenues, with various products sold to several divisions of Novartis accounting for approximately 14% of its revenues. As of December 31, 2003, the subsidiaries of Atrion through which conducted its operations were Atrion Medical Products, Inc., Halkey-Roberts Corporation and Quest Medical, Inc.
ATPG ATP Oil &amp; Gas Corporation is engaged in the acquisition, development and production of natural gas and oil properties, primarily in the Gulf of Mexico and the North Sea. At December 31, 2003, the Company had leasehold and other interests in 50 offshore blocks, 26 platforms and 62 wells, including six subsea wells, in the Gulf of Mexico. ATP operates 50 of these 62 wells, including all of the subsea wells, and 85% of its offshore platforms. The Company also held interests in eight blocks and one company-operated subsea well located in the North Sea. ATP's average working interest in its properties at December 31, 2003, was approximately 82%. At December 31, 2003, the Company had leasehold interests located in the Gulf of Mexico and North Sea covering approximately 264,592 gross acres.
ATOM.PK Atomic Burrito Inc., organized in December 1989, operated two "country-western" theme nightclubs located in St. Louis, Missouri (the St. Louis Club) and Wichita, Kansas, (the Wichita Club). The St. Louis Club occupies roughly one-half of a building, which is in excess of 56,000 square feet. This nightclub operates under the name In Cahoots and features a design with the look and feel of an authentic rustic western town. The Club, with a capacity of almost 3,000, houses a huge dance floor, performance stage, a billiards and video arcade area and several retail stores. The Wichita Club consisted of approximately 30,000 square feet with parking for 900 cars. The Wichita Club was designed to appeal to rodeo cowboys as well as the casual country western music lover. The Company also owned and operated the "Atomic Burrito" restaurant concept, which is in the process of being sold as of December 31, 2000.
ATO Atmos Energy Corporation (Atmos), along with its subsidiaries, is engaged primarily in the natural gas utility business, as well as other natural gas non-utility businesses. As of September 30, 2004, the Company distributed natural gas through sales and transportation arrangements to approximately 1.7 million residential, commercial, public authority and industrial customers through its six regulated utility divisions, which covered service areas in 12 states. Atmos' primary service areas are located in Colorado, Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana, Mississippi, Tennessee and Texas. It has more limited service areas in Georgia, Illinois, Iowa, Missouri and Virginia. In addition, the Company transports natural gas for others through its distribution system. Through its non-utility businesses, Atmos provides natural gas management and marketing services to municipalities, other local gas distribution companies and industrial customers in 18 states.
ATMI ATMI, Inc. is a supplier of materials, materials delivery systems and high-purity materials packaging products used worldwide in the manufacture of semiconductor devices. ATMI's SDS (Safe Delivery Source) product line uses a standard gas cylinder containing an adsorbent material. Its CVD products that are used for thin films in semiconductor manufacturing are marketed under the UltraPur brand for pre-metal dielectric, dielectric and barrier applications. The Company also manufactures three different types of NOWPak container assemblies: Bag-in-a-Bottle, Bag-in-a-Can and Bag-in-a-Drum, each with its own companion dispense connection system. The Company distributes its products to end use customers, chemical suppliers and equipment suppliers through its direct sales force. In May 2004, the Company sold its life safety sensors business to City Technology, Ltd., part of the First Technologies Group of Companies.
ATML Atmel Corporation designs, develops, manufactures and sells integrated circuit products. The Company develops and commercializes non-volatile memory that continues to store information after power is turned off. Atmel combines non-volatile memory with microcontrollers, digital signal processors and other logic to meet the needs of its customers. These complex system-on-a-chip solutions for various markets are manufactured using its multiple process technologies, including complementary metal oxide semiconductor (CMOS), double-diffused metal oxide semiconductor, logic, CMOS logic, bipolar, bipolar CMOS (BiCMOS), silicon germanium (SiGe), SiGe BiCMOS, analog, bipolar double-diffused CMOS and radiation-tolerant process technologies. Atmel develops these process technologies, manufacturing more than 94% of its products, which are used primarily in markets such as communications, consumer electronics and computing, storage, automotive, security and imaging.
APL Atlas Pipeline Partners, L.P. (APL) owns and operates natural gas pipeline gathering systems through its operating partnership, Atlas Pipeline Operating Partnership, L.P., and its operating subsidiaries. As of December 31, 2003, the Company's primary assets consisted of approximately 1,380 miles of intrastate gathering systems located in eastern Ohio, western New York and western Pennsylvania. Its gathering systems served approximately 4,500 wells as of December 31, 2003, with an average daily throughput for the year then ended of 52.5 million cubic feet of natural gas. The Company's gathering systems provide a means through which well owners and operators can transport the natural gas produced by their wells to public utility pipelines for delivery to customers. To a lesser extent, its gathering systems transport natural gas directly to customers.
APCFY Atlas Pacific Limited is primarily engaged in the cultivation and exportation of pearls through its 75% interest in the Indonesian Pearling Project (the Pearling Project). The Pearling Project operates an oyster hatchery and farm for the purpose of cultivating South Sea pearls. PT Cendana Indopearls, an Indonesian-approved foreign investment company, owns and operates the Pearling Project. The Company offers its pearls in world markets without placing too much reliance on any one geographic market. Its principal markets are Japan, Hong Kong, Europe and North America. During 2000, Atlas commenced selling oyster meat and oyster shell.
ATLS Atlas America, Inc. is an energy company engaged primarily in the development and production of natural gas and, to a lesser extent, oil in the western New York, eastern Ohio and western Pennsylvania region of the Appalachian Basin. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include Atlas Group, Inc., Viking Resources Corporation and Atlas Pipeline partners GP, LLC. In May 2004, the Company completed an initial public offering. The Company conducts its natural gas transportation operations through Atlas Pipeline. As of September 30, 2004 (fiscal year-end 2004), Atlas Pipeline owned approximately 3,300 miles of intrastate gathering systems located in New York, Ohio, Oklahoma, Pennsylvania and Texas to which approximately 5,200 natural gas wells were connected.
AGH Atlantis Plastics, Inc. manufactures specialty and custom plastic products in 14 manufacturing plants located throughout the United States. The Company operates through three operating business segments: Plastic Films, Injection Molding and Profile Extrusion. Plastic Films, which accounted for approximately 65% of net sales in 2003, is a manufacturer of specialty plastic films. Injection Molding, which accounted for approximately 28% of net sales in 2003, is a manufacturer of both custom and injection molded products. Profile Extrusion, which accounted for approximately 7% of net sales in 2003, is a manufacturer of custom extruded plastic products, primarily for use in consumer and commercial products, including recreational vehicles, mobile homes, residential doors and windows, office furniture and appliances. In November 2004, the Company acquired the assets of LaVanture Products Company, Inc., LaVanture Plastic Extrusion Technologies, Inc. and Molded Designs Technology, Inc.
ANK Atlantic Tele-Network, Inc. is the holding company for the operating subsidiaries and affiliates: Guyana Telephone &amp; Telegraph Company, Ltd. (GT&amp;T), Choice Communications, LLC (Choice), Atlantic Tele-Center, Inc. (ATC), Bermuda Digital Communications, Ltd. (BDC), ATN (Haiti) S.A. (ATN-Haiti), Transnet, S.A. (Transnet) and Call Home Telecom, LLC (CHT). GT&amp;T is a telephone company in the Republic of Guyana. Choice is an Internet access service provider in Virgin Islands, United States, which provides wireless cable television services, wireless digital subscriber line (DSL) services and certain other communications services. ATC provides call center services to businesses located in the United States. BDC is a cellular telephone service provider in Bermuda. CHT provides distribution and termination, in the United States and Canada, of international outbound collect calls from Guyana. ATN-Haiti and Transnet provide dispatch radio, paging, Internet access and data transmission services.
ALFC Atlantic Liberty Financial Corp. is the holding company for Atlantic Liberty Savings, F.A. (the Bank), whose principal business consists of attracting retail deposits from the general public in the areas surrounding its two locations in Brooklyn, New York. These deposits are invested, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, primarily in one- to four-family residential mortgage loans, multi-family and commercial real estate loans, mortgage-related securities and various other securities. Its revenues are derived principally from the interest on loans, securities, loan origination and servicing fees and service charges and fees collected on deposit accounts. The Bank's primary sources of funds are deposits and principal and interest payments on loans and securities.
ACFC Atlantic Coast Federal Corporation is a federally chartered Stock Corporation engaged in holding all of the stock of Atlantic Coast Federal. Atlantic Coast Federal is a federally chartered stock savings association providing banking services to the general public through 13 offices serving Atkinson, Bacon, Brantley, Charlton, Church, Coffee, Pierce and Ware Counties in Georgia and Columbia, Nassau and Duval Counties in Florida. Its principal business consists of attracting retail deposits from the general public by paying competitive interest rates on the deposit accounts. The Company invests those funds primarily in loans secured by first mortgages on owner-occupied, one- to four-family residences, and, to a lesser extent, home equity loans, automobile and consumer loans and loans secured by commercial real estate. Atalantic Coast Federal also offers multi-family loans, commercial and residential construction loans and commercial business loans.
ATBC Atlantic BancGroup, Inc. is a bank holding company that owns 100% of the outstanding stock of Oceanside Bank, a state-chartered commercial bank. The Company's primary business activities are the operations of Oceanside and it operates in only one industry segment, the banking. Oceanside, through four banking offices, provides a variety of banking services to individuals and businesses located primarily in East Duval and Northeast St. Johns Counties of Florida. Oceanside conducts commercial banking business consisting of attracting deposits from the general public and applying those funds to the origination of commercial, consumer and real estate loans, including commercial loans collateralized by real estate.
AAME Atlantic American Corporation is a holding company that operates through its subsidiaries in specialty markets of the life, health, property and casualty insurance industries. The Company's principal subsidiaries are American Southern Insurance Company and American Safety Insurance Company, Association Casualty Insurance Company and Association Risk Management General Agency, Inc., Georgia Casualty &amp; Surety Company and Bankers Fidelity Life Insurance Company.
ATYT ATI Technologies Inc. supplies graphics processing products and technology for desktop and notebook personal computers (PCs), consumer electronic devices, digital televisions (DTVs) and video game consoles. Its main product lines, visual and graphics processors increase the speed and complexities of the images that can be displayed on PC monitors and improve image resolution and color definition. Its business is organized around two main markets for semiconductor graphics products: PC products and consumer electronic devices. Its principal operating subsidiaries are ATI Technologies (Europe) GmbH, ATI Research, Inc., ATI Technologies Systems Corp., ATI Technologies (Japan) Inc., ATI International SRL, ATI Technologies (L) Inc., ATI Technologies Ltd., ATI Research Silicon Valley Inc., ATI Technologies (Hungary) KFT, ATI Research GmbH, ATI Technologies (Korea) Co., Ltd., ATI Visual Technologies (Shanghai) Co., Ltd., ATI Technologies Distribution Inc. and ATI Technologies (HK) Ltd.
ATHR Atheros Communications, Inc. is a developer of semiconductor system solutions for wireless communications products. The Company combines its wireless systems expertise with high-performance radio frequency (RF), mixed signal and digital semiconductor design skills to provide highly integrated chipsets that are manufacturable on low-cost, standard complementary metal-oxide semiconductor processes. Its product portfolio comprises various generations of its radio-on-a-chip, media access controller+baseband and wireless system-on-a-chip products supporting the Institute of Electrical and Electronics Engineers (IEEE), family of wireless local area networking (WLAN), standards. These products are typically sold together as chipsets as part of a wireless system solution that also incorporates software and system-level reference designs.
AGIX AtheroGenics, Inc. is a research-based pharmaceutical company, focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of novel drugs for the treatment of chronic inflammatory diseases, including heart disease (atherosclerosis), rheumatoid arthritis, organ transplant rejection and asthma. The Company has developed a vascular protectant (v-protectant) technology platform to discover drugs to treat these types of diseases. Based on this v-protectant platform, it has four drug development programs in the clinic and is pursuing a number of other preclinical programs. The Company's first v-protectants are drug candidates that block the production of proteins that are necessary to initiate and maintain inflammation.
AHN ATC Healthcare, Inc. (ATC) provides supplemental staffing to healthcare facilities through its network of 52 offices in 23 states, of which 35 are operated by 23 licensees and 17 are owned and operated by the Company. ATC offers its clients qualified healthcare associates in over 60 job categories ranging from the highest level of specialty nurse, including critical care, neonatal and labor and delivery, medical administrative staff, including third-party billers, administrative assistants, claims processors, collection personnel and medical records clerks. Other services include allied health staffing, which includes mental health technicians, a variety of therapists, including speech, occupational and physical, radiology technicians and phlebotomists. On February 28, 2003, the Company purchased from CMS Capital Ventures all the assets relating to their office locations in Dallas/Fort Worth, Texas, and Atlanta, Georgia, which provide temporary medical staffing services.
ATAR Atari, Inc. is a global publisher and developer of video game software for both gaming enthusiasts and the mass-market audience, as well as a distributor of video game software in North America. Its portfolio of products extends across video game genre, including action, adventure, strategy, children, family, driving and sports games. The Company operates in three segments: publishing, which includes the management of development, marketing, packaging and sales of video game software for all platforms, including PlayStation, PlayStation2, Game Boy, Game Boy Advance, GameCube, Xbox and personal computer (PC); distribution, whereby the Company distributes its own products, as well as the products of other publishers, throughout the United States and Canada, using its distribution operations and systems, and corporate. In May 2003, it changed its name from Infogrames, Inc.
ATX A. T. Cross Company has two reportable business segments: writing instruments and accessories, and optical. The optical segment was established in 2003 with the acquisition of Costa Del Mar Sunglasses, Inc. The Company manufactures and markets writing instruments under the Cross brand, consisting of ball-point pens, fountain pens, selectip rolling ball pens (which accommodate refills) and mechanical pencils. It also manufactures and markets refills for most of its product types. The Company, through its wholly owned subsidiary Costa Del Mar Sunglasses, Inc., designs, manufactures and markets polarized eyewear through its optical segment under the brand name Costa Del Mar.
ASYT Asyst Technologies, Inc. develops, manufactures, sells and supports integrated hardware and software automation systems for the semiconductor and for the flat panel display (FPD) manufacturing industries. The Company's systems are designed to enable semiconductor and FPD manufacturers to increase their manufacturing productivity and yields, and to protect their investment in fragile materials and work-in-process. Asyst sells its systems directly to semiconductor and FPD manufacturers, as well as to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) that make production equipment for sale to semiconductor manufacturers. Its customers based on cumulative sales during the fiscal year ended March 27, 2004 (fiscal 2004), were Applied Materials, Elpida, Intel, KLA Tencor, L.G. Philips, NEC, Powerchip, Semiconductor Manufacturing International Corp., Taiwan Semiconductor Manufacturing Corp. and Trecenti.
ASVI A.S.V., Inc. designs, manufactures and sells track-driven all-season vehicles. The Company has two principal product lines, the R-Series Posi-Track product line and the Multi-Terrain Loader (MTL) undercarriage product line. Both of these product lines use a rubber track suspension system that takes advantage of the benefits of both traditional rubber wheels and steel tracks. Rubber track vehicles provide the traction, stability and low ground pressure necessary for operation on soft, wet, muddy, rough, boggy, slippery, snowy or hilly terrain, but, unlike steel track vehicles, can be driven on groomed, landscaped and paved surfaces without causing damage. The Company's products are versatile machines used in the construction, agricultural, landscaping, trail grooming and maintenance, vineyard, military, wildlife management and other markets. The MTL undercarriages are sold to Caterpillar as a primary component on Caterpillar's MTL product line.
ATRO Astronics Corporation, through its subsidiaries Luminescent Systems Inc. and Luminescent Systems- Canada Inc., designs and manufacturers lighting components, subsystems and systems for aircraft. The Company serves the three primary markets for aircraft: the military, commercial transport and the business jet markets. Astronics' products address all lighting needs for an aircraft, to include the cockpit, cabin and exterior. In 2003, net sales to the military accounted for 52% of total sales. Net sales to the commercial transport market and the business jet market were 20% and 25%, respectively. In 2003, the Company spun-off its subsidiary, MOD-PAC CORP. It also discontinued its Electro Luminescent Lamp business, which was focused on consumer electronics.
ALOT Astro-Med, Inc. is an enterprise that is structured to design, develop, manufacture and distribute a line of products and services. The Company is organized around a suite of core competencies, including Research and Development (R&amp;D), Manufacturing, Information Technology and Administrative Management. It markets and sells its products and services through three product groups: Test &amp; Measurement (T&amp;M), QuickLabel Systems (QuickLabel) and Grass-Telefactor (G-T). T&amp;M develops and manufactures data acquisition instruments that serve the test and measurement market. QuickLabel develops and manufactures digital printers and consumable products that serve the product identification market. G-T develops and manufactures clinical neurophysiology (EEG (Electroencephalogram) and epilepsy monitoring), polysomnography (PSG (Polysomnography) - Sleep monitoring), biomedical research instrumentation and supplies that serve the life sciences market.
AZN AstraZeneca PLC, is a research-based pharmaceutical company primarily engaged in providing effective medicines to fight disease in important areas of medical need: Cardiovascular, Gastrointestinal, Neuroscience, Oncology, Respiratory and Inflammation and Infection. The Company's operations are focused on prescription pharmaceuticals, and more than 97% of its sales are made in that sector. AstraZeneca sells its products in over 100 countries. During 2003, the Company's leading products were Losec/Prilosec (omeprazole), a proton pump inhibitor for acid related diseases, Seroquel (quetiapine), an atypical anti-psychotic for schizophrenia and other psychotic disorders, and Seloken/Toprol-XL (metoprolol), a beta blocker for hypertension, angina, heart failure and other uses. In addition, AstraZeneca continues to have operations through Astra Tech (medical equipment) and Salick Health Care (healthcare services).
ASTR.OB Astralis, Ltd. is a development-stage biotechnology company primarily engaged in research and development of treatments for immune system disorders and skin diseases. The Company's activities focus on the development of a product candidate named Psoraxine for the treatment of the skin disease psoriasis. The Company is engaged in ongoing research on the possible development of technology underlying Psoraxine for the treatment of other indications, such as eczema, seborrheic dermatitis and psoriatic arthritis.
AF Astoria Financial Corporation is a unitary savings and loan association holding company of Astoria Federal Savings and Loan Association and its consolidated subsidiaries. Astoria Federal has been, and continues to be, a community-oriented federally chartered savings association offering a variety of financial services to meet the needs of the communities it serves. Its retail banking network includes multiple delivery channels including banking offices, automated teller machine, and telephone and Internet banking capabilities. Astoria Federal's deposit gathering sources are primarily concentrated in the communities surrounding Astoria Federal's banking offices in Queens, Kings, Nassau, Suffolk and Westchester counties in the New York metropolitan area. Astoria Federal originates mortgage loans through its banking and loan production offices in the New York metropolitan area, through a broker network in 19 states and through a third- party loan origination program in 44 states.
ASTE Astec Industries, Inc. designs, engineers, manufactures and markets equipment and components used primarily in road building and related construction activities. The Company's products are used in each phase of road building, from quarrying and crushing the aggregate to testing the mix for application of the road surface. Astec also manufactures certain equipment and components unrelated to road construction, including trenching, auger boring, directional drilling, environmental remediation and industrial heat transfer equipment. Its products are marketed both in the United States and internationally. In addition to equipment sales, the Company manufactures and sells replacement parts for equipment in each of its product lines.
ATEA Astea International Inc. develops, markets and supports front-office solutions for the service management software market. The Company's applications are designed specifically for organizations for which field service and customer support are considered mission critical aspects of business operations. Its principal product offering, the Astea Alliance suite, integrates and automates sales and service business processes. The Astea Alliance suite consists of applications, application extensions, tools and services. The Company's solutions are primarily used in industries such as information technology (IT), medical devices and diagnostic systems, industrial controls and instrumentation, retail systems, office automation, imaging systems, facilities management, telecommunications and other industries with equipment sales and service requirements.
ASFI Asta Funding, Inc. acquires, manages, collects and services portfolios of consumer receivables. These portfolios generally consist of one or more consumer receivables including charged-off receivables, semi-performing receivables and performing receivables. Charged-off receivables are accounts that have been written-off by the originators and may have been previously serviced by collection agencies. Semi-performing receivables are accounts where the debtor is making partial or irregular monthly payments, but the accounts may have been written-off by the originators. Performing receivables are accounts where the debtor is making regular monthly payments that may or may not have been delinquent in the past. The Company acquires these consumer receivable portfolios at a significant discount to the amount actually owed by the debtors.
AGO Assured Guaranty Ltd. provides credit enhancement products to the municipal finance, structured finance and mortgage markets. The Company's three operating segments are Financial Guaranty Direct, which protects the holder against an issuer's failure to pay principal and interest when due or other credit events; Financial Guaranty Reinsurance, which indemnifies another financial guarantor (the ceding company) against part or all of the loss the ceding company may sustain under financial guaranty policies it has reinsured to Assured Guaranty, and Mortgage Guaranty, which protects mortgage lenders and investors against the default of borrowers on mortgage loans and provides reinsurance to mortgage guaranty insurers. It also has the fourth segment, others, which consists of a number of businesses that the Company has exited including equity layer credit protection, trade credit reinsurance, title reinsurance, life, accident and health reinsurance and auto residual value reinsurance.
AIZ Assurant, Inc. is a holding company provider of specialized insurance products and related services in North America and selected other markets. Through its operating subsidiaries, the Company provides creditor-placed homeowners insurance, manufactured housing homeowners insurance, debt protection administration, credit insurance, warranties and extended service contracts, individual health and small employer group health insurance, group dental insurance, group disability insurance, group life insurance and prefunded funeral insurance. Fortis, Inc. had formed Assurant and merged into it on February 4, 2004. As a result of the merger, Assurant is the successor to the business operations and obligations of Fortis, Inc. The Company has four operating segments, which are defined based on the nature of the products and services offered: Solutions, Health, Employee Benefits and PreNeed.
ASAM.OB AssuranceAmerica Corporation is an insurance holding company comprised of AssuranceAmerica Insurance Company (Carrier), AssuranceAmerica Managing General Agency, LLC (MGA) and AssetAmerica Insurance Agencies, LLC (Agencies), each wholly owned that focuses upon selling nonstandard personal automobile insurance policies in Florida and Georgia. The Company's nonstandard personal automobile insurance products provide customers with coverage for the minimum required statutory limits for bodily injury and property damage liability arising out of the operation of a motor vehicle. Optional coverages written afford protection for collision and physical damage to the customers' motor vehicles, as well as bodily injury and property damage caused by an uninsured motorist. Additional optional coverages written include medical payments, towing and labor, and accidental death and dismemberment.
AEC Associated Estates Realty Corporation (AEC), a multifamily property manager, is a real estate investment trust (REIT) headquartered in Richmond Heights, Ohio, a suburb of Cleveland. The Company is structured to provide real estate investment management services to a variety of constituents, including advisory clients and third-party owners. The Company directly or indirectly owns, manages or is a joint venture partner in 105 properties containing a total of 23,563 units located in 12 states.
ASBC Associated Banc-Corp is the holding company for three commercial banks located in Illinois, Minnesota and Wisconsin. The Company also owns 22 limited-purpose banking and non-banking subsidiaries located in Arizona, California, Illinois, Minnesota, Nevada and Wisconsin. Associated provides a diversified range of banking and non-banking services to individuals and businesses. These services include checking, savings and money market deposit accounts; business, personal, educational, residential and commercial mortgage loans; other consumer-oriented financial services; lease financing for a variety of capital equipment for commerce and industry, and safe deposit and night depository facilities. As of December 31, 2003, bank subsidiaries provided services through 217 locations in 151 communities. In October 2004, the Company completed the acquisition of First Federal Capital Corp.
ASLC.OB Assisted Living Concepts, Inc. (ALC) owns, leases and operates assisted living residences that provide housing to residents who require assistance with their daily activities. The Company provides personal care and support services and makes available routine health care services designed to meet the needs of its residents. ALC's assisted living residences are located in small, middle-market, rural and suburban communities in 14 states. During the year ended December 31, 2003, ALC operated 177 assisted living residences (6,838 units), of which it owned 122 residences (4,734 units) and leased 55 residences (2,104 units). On October 1, 2001, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Carriage House Assisted Living, Inc., voluntarily filed for bankruptcy protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. In January 2002, the Company emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy.
AACC Asset Acceptance Capital Corp. (AACC) is a purchaser and collector of defaulted or charged-off accounts receivable portfolios from consumer credit originators in the United States. Charged-off receivables are the unpaid obligations of individuals to credit originators, such as credit card issuers, consumer finance companies, retail merchants and telecommunications and other utility providers, as well as from resellers and other holders of consumer debt. Since these receivables have been subject to multiple collection efforts, AACC is able to purchase them at a substantial discount to their face value. Unlike many of its competitors, the Company does not collect on a commission or contingent fee basis. Rather, AACC purchases and collects charged-off accounts receivable portfolios for its own account.
AHL Aspen Insurance Holdings Limited is a Bermuda holding company that provides property and casualty reinsurance in the global market, property and liability insurance in the United Kingdom and surplus lines insurance in the United States through the Company's wholly owned subsidiaries located in London, Bermuda and the United States. It manages its operations around two business segments: reinsurance and insurance. Its insurance business covers commercial risks located in the United Kingdom and the United States, with a small portion in Ireland.
ASPN.OB Aspen Exploration Corporation (Aspen) is engaged in acquiring, exploring and developing oil and gas, and other mineral properties. The Company is engaged primarily in the exploration and development of oil and gas properties in California. Aspen Exploration has an interest in two inactive subsidiaries: a 25% interest in Aspen Power Systems, LLC and Aspen Gold Mining Co. Aspen is the operator of 46 gas wells and has a non-operated interest in 16 additional gas wells. The Company's principal products, during the fiscal year ended June 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), were crude oil and natural gas. During fiscal 2004, the Company participated in the drilling of seven gross (1.38 net) wells, of which five gross (1.05 net) were completed as gas wells and two were dry holes. In addition to the drilling activity, three operated gas wells and one non-operated gas well were acquired from an independent oil and gas company. These wells are located in Glenn, Sutter and Yolo counties, California.
ASPM Aspect Medical Systems, Inc. is engaged in the development, manufacturing and marketing of an anesthesia monitoring system called the BIS system, which provides information that allows clinicians to assess and manage a patient's level of consciousness in the operating room and intensive care settings, and administer the precise amount of anesthesia needed by each patient. The BIS system includes the BIS monitor (BIS module kit) and single-use disposable BIS sensors. The Company derives its revenue primarily from sales of monitors, BIS module kits, related accessories (equipments) and BIS Sensors. During the year ended December 31, 2003, revenue from the sale of equipment represented approximately 31% of the Company's revenue, and revenue from the sale of BIS sensors represented the remaining 69%. The Company's customers include anesthesia providers, hospitals, outpatient surgical centers and individual practitioners in office-based practice located in the United States and overseas.
ASPT Aspect Communications Corporation is a provider of enterprise customer contact solutions. The Company develops, markets, licenses and supports an end-to-end, integrated suite of contact center software applications that supports and manages customer communications, customer and contact center information and workforce productivity. Aspect offers its software products as integrated suites or separate modules, depending on customer requirements. Its software product suites are Call Center- PSTN Application, Call Center-PSTN and Hybrid Solutions, Self Service Interactive Voice Response, Workforce Management, Analysis &amp; Reporting and Contact Center Integration. The Company also provides hardware products and solutions, including Aspect Call Center, call center accessories and hardware.
ASML ASML Holding N.V. is a provider of advanced technology systems for the semiconductor industry. The Company offers lithography systems mainly for manufacturing complex integrated circuits. It supplies systems to integrated circuit manufacturers throughout the United States, Asia and Europe, and also provides its customers with a range of support from advanced process and product applications knowledge to complete round-the-clock service support. ASML is a holding company that operates through its subsidiaries. Its material subsidiaries, each of which is a direct wholly owned subsidiary, are ASML Netherlands, B.V., ASML Hongkong, Limited and ASML US, Inc.
ASMI ASM International N.V. designs, manufactures and sells equipment and systems used to produce semiconductor devices, or integrated circuits. Its production equipment and systems are used by both the front-end and back-end segments of the semiconductor manufacturing industry. Front-end equipment performs various fabrication processes in which thin films, or layers, of electronically insulating or conductive material are grown or deposited onto a round slice of silicon, called a wafer. Back-end equipment separates these processed wafers into numerous individual dies, each containing the circuitry of a single semiconductor device, and assembles, packages and tests the dies to create semiconductor devices. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries are ASM Europe B.V. in the Netherlands; ASM America, Inc. in the United States; ASM Japan K.K. in Japan, and ASM Pacific Technology, Ltd., with principal operations in Hong Kong, Singapore, the People's Republic of China and Malaysia.
ASKJ Ask Jeeves, Inc. offers an advanced Internet search technology to the public through advertiser-supported sites on the Web. It operates four Websites dedicated to search: Ask.com, Ask.co.uk, Teoma.com and AJKids.com. On its flagship Websites, Ask.com in the United States and Ask.co.uk in the United Kingdom, users submit their search requests, and the Company's algorithmic search technology, Teoma, delivers a results list of Web pages likely to contain relevant and authoritative answers. The results page also displays advertiser-sponsored links to related products and services known as paid listings. Ask Jeeves also delivers or syndicates its search technology and advertising products to approximately 41 third-party Websites as of December 31, 2003, including portals, infomediaries and content and destination Websites. The Company provides search results and/or advertising for those Websites to display in response to their users' search queries.
ASIA AsiaInfo Holdings, Inc. is a provider of software and networking solutions in China. In the telecommunications market, the Company's software products and network services enable its customers to build, maintain, operate, manage and continuously improve their communications infrastructure. It conducts the bulk of its business through its wholly owned operating subsidiaries, AsiaInfo Technologies (China) Inc. and AsiaInfo Management Software, Inc., which are both Chinese companies. The Company's software products can support millions of users; are designed with open architecture to facilitate customization, and are tailored for the specific needs of the China market. Its offerings include seven categories of software products, each of which is given the name Open, because the software installed is designed with open architecture. The Company integrates a combination of these products, together with its services, into solutions according to individual customer needs.
GRR The Asia Tigers Fund, Inc. (the Fund) is a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. Under normal conditions, the Fund will invest at least 80% of the value of its assets in equity securities of Asian companies. As of October, 31, 2003, the Fund had investments in common and preferred stocks of companies in the following Asian countries: China, Hong Kong, India, Indonesia, Korea, Malaysia, Singapore, Taiwan and Thailand. The Fund had 99.49% of its holdings in common stocks as of October 31, 2003. Advantage Advisers, Inc., a subsidiary of Oppenheimer Asset Management Inc. and an affiliate of Oppenheimer &amp; Co. Inc. (Oppenheimer), serves as the Fund's Investment Manager. Oppenheimer, a registered investment advisor and an indirect wholly owned subsidiary of Oppenheimer Holdings Inc., serves as the Fund's administrator.
SAT Asia Satellite Telecommunications Holdings Limited, through its wholly owned subsidiary, AsiaSat, provides satellite transponder capacity in Asia. Asia Satellite operates three satellites: AsiaSat 2, AsiaSat 3S and AsiaSat 4. The Company provides transponder capacity primarily to the broadcasting, telecommunications (including private-communication networks), Internet and multimedia markets. AsiaSat has entered into separate transponder utilization agreements with over 100 customers from various countries and regions, including Australia, China, Germany, Hong Kong, the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, Korea, Kuwait, Pakistan, Singapore, Switzerland, Taiwan, the United Arab Emirates, the United Kingdom, the United States and Vietnam.
AWRCF.OB Asia Pacific Wire &amp; Cable Corporation Limited is engaged in the manufacture and distribution of telecommunications (copper and fiber optic) and power cable and enameled wire products in the Asia Pacific region, primarily in Singapore, Thailand, Australia and China. The Company manufactures and distributes its own wire and cable products and also distributes copper rod and wire and cable products manufactured by its principal shareholder, Pacific Electric Wire and Cable Co., Ltd. From 1997, Asia Pacific Wire &amp; Cable has also offered project-engineering services in the supply, delivery and installation of power cables. The Company sells its cable products primarily to government agencies and large construction companies and subcontractors bidding for government contracts. During the year ended December 31, 2003, approximately 57.1% of the manufactured products sold by the Company were sold by its subsidiaries in Singapore and Thailand.
ASHW Ashworth, Inc. designs, markets and distributes sports apparel, headwear and accessories under the Ashworth label. Its products are sold in golf pro shops, at resorts, to corporate customers, at better department and specialty retail stores, in Ashworth retail stores and in various international markets. Ashworth also embroiders custom golf courses, tournament and corporate logos in-house. The Company has wholly owned subsidiaries that own and operate seven outlet stores. In 1998, Ashworth established a wholly owned subsidiary to operate the Ashworth Concept Store in Costa Mesa, California. The Ashworth Concept Store was closed on October 1, 2003. The Company is in the process of dissolving this subsidiary. In May 2001, Ashworth agreed to multi-year exclusive licensing agreement with Callaway Golf Company to design, market and distribute complete lines of men's and women's Callaway Golf apparel. The agreement allows Ashworth to sell Callaway Golf apparel.
ASH Ashland Inc. is a diversified business company that operates in five industry segments: The Ashland Paving And Construction, Inc. group of companies (APAC), Ashland Distribution, Ashland Specialty Chemical, Valvoline and Refining and Marketing. APAC performs asphalt and concrete contract construction work, including highway paving and repair, excavation and grading and bridge construction, and produces asphaltic and ready-mix concrete, crushed stone and other aggregate in the southern and mid-continent United States. Ashland Distribution distributes industrial chemicals and solvents, plastics, composite materials and fine ingredients in North America and plastics in Europe. On March 19, 2004, it signed an agreement to transfer its 38% interest in Marathon Ashland Petroleum LLC (MAP) and two wholly owned businesses to Marathon Oil Company. In December 2004, Ashland Composite Polymers, purchased the DERAKANE epoxy vinyl ester resin business from The Dow Chemical Company.
AHT Ashford Hospitality Trust, Inc. operates with its subsidiaries as a self-advised real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company has consummated certain other formation transactions, including the acquisition of six hotels (initial properties) and eight asset management and consulting contracts, all owned by affiliates of Remington Hotel Corporation (the Predecessor). The Company operates in two business segments within the hotel lodging industry: direct hotel investments and hotel financing. Direct hotel investments refer to owning hotels through either acquisition or new development. Hotel financing refers to owning subordinate hotel-related mortgages through acquisition or origination.
ASTSF ASE Test Limited (ASE) is an independent semiconductor testing company that provides engineering testing, final testing and turnkey services, such as drop shipment of tested and packaged semiconductors. The Company also provides a range of leadframe and laminate-based semiconductor packaging services, including, ball grid array (BGA), quad flat packages (QFP) and thin quad flat packages (TQFP). ASE focuses primarily on testing complex, logic/mixed-signal semiconductors and packaging high-pin-count semiconductors. Semiconductors tested and packaged by the Company are used in diverse end use markets, including communications, consumer electronic, personal computer, and industrial products and other applications.
ACD Asconi Corporation produces, markets and sells Moldavian wines in countries outside Moldova. The Company's wines are categorized as either white or red/rose and either ordinary or aged. They are further categorized as dry, semi-dry, semi-sweet, sweet, dessert and fortified wines. Among its bottled wines, Asconi's sweet and semi-sweet wines account for approximately 75% of its sales, dessert wines account for approximately 12% of its sales, dry and semi-dry wines account for approximately 8% of its sales and fortified wines account for approximately 5% of its sales. All of the Company's revenue, for the year ended December 31, 2003, was generated from the business operations of its indirect wholly owned subsidiary, Asconi S.R.L. and its Moldovan subsidiaries. The Company generates revenues from over 350 separate products derived from 32 varieties of grapes.
SHLM A. Schulman, Inc. is engaged in the sale of plastic resins and compounds, which are used as raw materials by its customers. It combines basic resins purchased from plastic resin producers and, through mixing and extrusion processes, introduces additives that provide color, stabilizers, flame-retardants or other enhancements that may be required by a customer. The Company operates in two geographic business segments: North America and Europe. Its manufacturing business segments can be classified into five major product families: color and additive concentrates; engineered compounds; polyolefins; polyvinyl chloride (PVC), and tolling. These compounds are formulated in the Company's laboratories and are manufactured in the Company's 14 plastics compounding plants in North America, Europe and Asia. Customers for the Company's plastic compounds include manufacturers, custom molders and extruders of a wide variety of plastic products and parts.
ASHE.PK Asche Transportation Services, Inc., through its subsidiaries, is a diversified transportation services company. The Company operates primarily through Asche Transfer, Inc., Specialty Transportation Services, Inc. (STS), AG Carriers, Inc., and Asche Foliage. Asche Transfer, Inc. is primarily a temperature controlled transportation company that operates over 325 late model Peterbilts tractors. STS hauls more than 440,000 loads of scrap and waste per year for public and private waste companies, as well as large local governments. AG Carriers markets just-in-time, temperature-controlled services in the full-truckload carrier market, primarily to high-volume customers with predictable movements in traffic lanes. The Asche Foliage Division consolidates less-than-truckload orders at its Apopka facility then ships the foliage in truckload volumes throughout the continental United States.
ASCL Ascential Software Corporation is a supplier of enterprise integration solutions to the Global 2000 and other large organizations. The Company's products for automated data profiling, data quality management and cleansing, and data transformation address the needs of organizations that have invested in enterprise applications, such as customer relationship management (CRM), enterprise resource planning (ERP), supply chain management (SCM), analytic applications, transactional environments or data stores, such as data warehouses and data marts. Ascential combined the functionality of all of its core integration services onto a single enterprise data integration platform that provides end-to-end metadata management, called the Ascential Enterprise Integration Suite. Ascential also offers a full range of consulting, educational and support services to assist its clients through all phases of a project.
AASR.OB Ascent Assurance, Inc. is engaged in the development, marketing, underwriting and administration of medical expense and supplemental health insurance products, primarily to self-employed individuals and small business owners. Its revenues result primarily from premiums and fees from the insurance products sold or reinsured by its wholly owned life and health insurance subsidiaries: National Foundation Life Insurance Company, Freedom Life Insurance Company of America, National Financial Insurance Company and American Insurance Company of Texas (collectively, the Insurance Subsidiaries). The Insurance Subsidiaries are licensed to conduct business in 40 states and the District of Columbia. The Company also derives fee and service revenue from telemarketing services, printing services, renewal commissions for prior year sales of both affiliated and unaffiliated insurance products and commissions on the sale of the benefits of unaffiliated membership benefit programs.
ASDS.OB Ascendant Solutions, Inc. is a diversified financial services company seeking to invest in, or acquire, manufacturing, distribution or service companies. The Company also conducts various real estate activities, performing real estate advisory services for corporate clients, and, through an affiliate, purchase real estate assets, as a principal. Acquisitions completed by the Company during 2002, 2003 and 2004 include: Ampco Partners, Ltd., VTE, L.P., CRESA Capital Markets Group, L.P., Fairways Equities LLC, Dougherty's Holdings, Inc. and CRESA Partners of Orange County, Inc.
ABG Asbury Automotive Group, Inc. is an automotive retailer, operating 140 franchises at 97 dealership locations as of December 31, 2003. The Company offers its customers a range of automotive products and services, including new and used vehicles and related financing, vehicle maintenance and repair services, replacement parts and warranty, insurance and extended service contracts. Asbury's retail network is organized into nine regional dealership groups, or platforms, which are groups of dealerships operating under a distinct local brand name in 20 markets. The platforms are Nalley Automotive Group, Plaza Motor Company, David McDavid Automotive Group, Courtesy Dealership Group, Coggin Automotive Company, Thomason Auto Group, Crown Automotive Company, North Point (previously known as McLarty Companies) and Gray-Daniels.
ASBP ASB Financial Corp. (OH) is a unitary savings and loan holding company that owns American Savings Bank, fsb (American), a federal savings bank. American is engaged principally in the business of originating real estate loans secured by first mortgages on one- to four-family residential real estate located in American's primary market area, which consists of the cities of Portsmouth and Waverly, Ohio, and contiguous areas of Scioto County and Pike County, Ohio. American also makes loans secured by multi-family real estate (over four units) and non-residential real estate and secured and unsecured consumer loans. In addition, American purchases interests in multi-family real estate and non-residential real estate loans originated and serviced by other lenders.
ASTT ASAT Holdings Limited is an independent provider of semiconductor assembly and test services that operates in the United States, Germany, Hong Kong, Japan, South Korea and Singapore. The Company's products and services can be grouped into four categories: chipscale packages (CSP), non-chipscale laminate packages, non-CSP leadframe packages and test services. ASAT Holdings offers Fine Pitch BGA, or fpBGA, Leadless Plastic Chip Carrier, or LPCC, and Thin Array Plastic Packaging, or TAPP, chipscale packages. Non-CSP laminate packages include Plastic BGA, Tape BGA and Flip Chip Packages. Non-CSP leadframe packages include Enhanced Dissipation QUAD (EDQUAD) and Multi-System in a Package, or MSP technology. ASAT Holdings provides an array of test services for digital logic, analog and mixed signal products. During the year ended April 30, 2004, ASAT Holdings shipped products to over 100 customers, including Altera, Analog Devices and Broadcom.
ASA ASA (Bermuda) Limited, formerly ASA Limited, is a closed-end investment company organized to provide investors a vehicle to invest in a portfolio consisting of stocks of companies conducting as a major portion of their business, gold mining and related activities in South Africa. The Company is permitted to invest up to 20% of the value of its assets outside of South Africa and may also invest up to 25% of the value of its assets in gold or gold certificates. ASA is registered in the United States as a diversified investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940. It is managed internally by its directors and officers. The securities in the Company's portfolio are held for long-term investment purposes. During the fiscal year ended November 30, 2003, the Company acquired Avgold Ltd., a gold mining company in South Africa.
ARM ArvinMeritor, Inc. is a global supplier of a range of integrated systems, modules and components serving light vehicle, commercial truck, trailer and specialty original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and certain aftermarkets. The Company also provides coil-coating applications to the transportation, appliance, construction, heating, ventilation and air conditioning, and doors industries. ArvinMeritor serves OEM customers worldwide, including truck OEMs, light vehicle OEMs, trailer producers and specialty vehicle manufacturers and certain aftermarkets. In November 2004, the Company sold its Roll Coater, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary to an affiliate of Willis Stein &amp; Partners. In December 2004, the Company sold its Light Vehicle Systems (LVS) automotive stampings and components manufacturing operation to privately owned Columbus Components Group (CCG), LLC.
ARTD.OB ARTISTdirect, Inc. (ADI) is a music entertainment company that combines an online music network and a record label business to provide an integrated offering for music fans, artists and marketing partners. The ARTISTdirect Network (www.artistdirect.com) is a network of Websites offering multi-media content, music news and information, community around shared music interests, advertising sponsorships, music-related specialty commerce and digital music services. Through the ARTISTdirect Records and iMusic labels, the Company develops new musical artists and produces and distributes their recordings as an independent label utilizing traditional channels of distribution.
AJG Arthur J. Gallagher &amp; Co. is engaged in providing insurance brokerage, risk management and related services to clients in the United States and abroad. Its principal activity is the negotiation and placement of insurance for its clients. Gallagher also specializes in furnishing risk management services. Risk management involves assisting clients in analyzing risks and determining whether proper protection is best obtained through the purchase of insurance or through retention of all or a portion of those risks and the adoption of corporate risk management policies and cost-effective loss control and prevention programs. In addition, Gallagher has a financial services operation that manages its investment portfolio. The Company operates through a network of more than 250 sales and service offices located throughout the United States and eight countries abroad. In December 2004, the Company acquired FPE Insurance Brokers Pty Ltd. of Sydney, Australia.
ARTC ArthroCare Corporation is a medical device company that develops, manufactures and markets products based on its patented Coblation technology, which offers a variety of options for physicians performing soft-tissue surgery. The Company's products allow surgeons to operate with a high-level of precision and accuracy, limiting damage to surrounding tissue and thereby potentially reducing pain and speeding recovery for the patient. ArthroCare applies its Coblation technology to a range of soft-tissue surgical markets including arthroscopy, spinal surgery, neurosurgery, cosmetic surgery, ear, nose and throat (ENT) surgery, gynecology, urology, general surgery and various cardiac applications. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Micro DisCoblator was introduced to enable minimally invasive disc decompression during microdiscectomy procedures.
ATSN Artesyn Technologies, Inc. is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of power conversion equipment and board level computing solutions incorporated into embedded communications systems. The Company's business is organized into two operating segments, Power Conversion and Communications Products. The Power Conversion group designs, manufactures and sells alternating current/direct current (AC/DC) and DC/DC power conversion equipment. The Communications Products group designs, manufactures and sells central processing unit boards and wide area network input/output boards bundled with software protocols embedded in communications infrastructure systems. The Company's products are sold to original equipment manufacturers within four core market sectors in the communications industry: server and storage, wireless infrastructure, networking and telecommunications.
ARTNA Artesian Resources Corporation distributes and sells water to residential, commercial, industrial, governmental, municipal and utility customers throughout the State of Delaware. As of December 31, 2003, it had approximately 70,000 metered customers and served a population of approximately 230,000 (including contract services), representing approximately 29% of Delaware's total population. The Company also provides water for public and private fire protection to customers in its service territories. In 2003, its percentages of gross water sales revenue by major customer classifications were 62% for residential, 32% for commercial, industrial, governmental, municipal and utility and 6% for fire protection and other. The Company received recognition of Artesian Water Pennsylvania, Inc. as a regulated public water utility by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission in 2002. It serves a community in Pennsylvania consisting of 41 homes.
AMSI.OB Artemis International Solutions Corporation is a provider of investment planning and control software and services. Its investment planning and control solutions (Solutions) support value creation for both industry and the public sector by ensuring alignment of strategy, investment planning and project execution. The Solutions can be deployed throughout the organization to address business needs, such as information technology management and governance, new product development, program management, fleet and asset management, power outage management and detailed project management. The Company's Solutions are built around its two core software products: Artemis 7, a Web product representing a merger of investment planning, prioritization and control, portfolio and organizational budgeting with operational project and resource management, and Artemis Views, a Web and client server product designed to manage project-based work in organizations with project management practices.
ARTG Art Technology Group, Inc. (ATG) delivers software solutions to help consumer-facing organizations create an interactive experience for their customers and partners via the Internet and other channels. The Company's software helps its clients market, sell and provide self-service opportunities to their customers and partners, which can enhance its clients' revenues, reduce their costs and improve their customers' satisfaction. It also offers related services, including support, education and professional services. Businesses and governments can use the solutions to provide a more productive and satisfying experience to users of their online services. By capturing and maintaining information about online users' personal preferences and online history, the software enables clients to provide customers or customer segments with solutions specifically tailored to the customers' needs.
ARTW Art's-Way Manufacturing Co., Inc. is primarily engaged in the fabrication and sale of metal products in the agricultural sector of the United States. The Company manufactures specialized farm machinery under its own and private labels and steel truck bodies under the label of Cherokee Truck Bodies. Equipment manufactured by Art's-Way under its own label includes: portable and stationary animal feed processing equipment and related attachments used to mill and mix feed grains into custom animal feed rations; a high bulk mixing wagon to mix animal feeds containing silage, hay and grain; a line of mowers and stalk shredders; sugar beet and potato harvesting equipment, and a line of land maintenance equipment, edible bean equipment and grain drill equipment. In addition, the Company provides after market service parts that are available to keep its branded and original equipment manufacturer (OEM)-produced equipment operating to the satisfaction of the end user of its products.
ARWR Arrowhead Research Corporation, formerly InterActive Group, Inc., is a diversified, development stage nanotechnology company structured to bring together a mix of technologies in the areas of healthcare, semiconductors and manufacturing processes. There are three strategic components to Arrowhead's business model: forming or acquiring majority-owned subsidiaries engaged in the development and commercialization of nanoscale materials, devices, and systems; funding of nanoscience research at universities in exchange for the exclusive right to commercialize resulting intellectual property, and acquisition, license and sublicense of intellectual property in the field of nanotechnology. Arrowhead's business model is designed to provide its subsidiaries and research groups with financial, administrative, corporate and strategic resources. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004, the Company acquired Aonex Technologies, Inc., Insert Therapeutics, Inc. and Nanotechnica, Inc.
ARRO Arrow International, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets a range of clinically advanced, disposable catheters and related products for critical and cardiac care. The Company's critical care products are used principally for central vascular access in the administration of fluids, drugs and blood products, patient monitoring and diagnostic purposes. These products are used by anesthesiologists, critical care specialists, surgeons, cardiologists, nephrologists, emergency and trauma physicians and other healthcare providers. Arrow's cardiac care products are used by interventional cardiologists, cardiac surgeons, interventional radiologists and electrophysiologists for purposes, such as the diagnosis and treatment of heart and vascular disease, and to provide short-term cardiac assist following cardiac surgery, serious heart attack or balloon angioplasty.
AROW Arrow Financial Corporation is a bank holding company that owns two nationally chartered banks based in New York, Glens Falls National Bank and Trust Company and Saratoga National Bank and Trust Company, as well as five non-bank subsidiaries. The business of the Company consists primarily of the ownership, supervision and control of its subsidiaries. Through its subsidiaries, the Company offers a range of commercial and consumer banking and financial products. Its deposit base consists of deposits derived principally from the communities served by the subsidiary banks. Arrow targets its lending activities to consumers and small and medium-sized companies in the banks' immediate geographic areas. Through its banks' trust departments, the Company also provides retirement planning, trust and estate administration services for individuals and pension, profit sharing and employee benefit plan administration for corporations.
ARW Arrow Electronics, Inc. is a global provider of products, services and solutions to industrial and commercial users of electronic components and computer products. The Company offers products, services and solutions that include materials planning, programming and assembly services, inventory management, online supply chain tools and design services. Over 600 suppliers market their products through Arrow. Its worldwide customer base consists of original equipment manufacturers (OEMs), contract manufacturers and commercial customers. OEMs include manufacturers of computer and office products, industrial equipment (including machine tools, factory automation and robotic equipment), telecommunications products, aircraft and aerospace equipment, as well as scientific and medical devices. Commercial customers are mainly value-added resellers and OEMs of computer systems. Arrow has two business segments: electronic components and computer products.
ARRS ARRIS Group, Inc. develops and supplies equipment and technology for cable system operators and other broadband service providers that allow them to deliver a range of integrated voice, video and data services to their subscribers. The Company is also a supplier of infrastructure products used by cable system operators in the build-out and maintenance of hybrid fiber-coaxial (HFC) networks. It provides its products and equipment principally to the cable television market, specifically to operators of multiple cable systems (MSOs). The Company provides cable system operators with product offerings that meet their end-to-end needs, from the headend to subscriber premises.
HRT Arrhythmia Research Technology, Inc. is engaged in the licensing of medical software, which acquires data and analyzes electrical impulses of the heart to detect and aid in the treatment of potentially lethal arrhythmias. The Company's patented products consist of signal-averaging electro cardiographic (SAECG) software. Arrhythmia completed an update to a Windows-based version of its Predictor series in the year ended December 31, 2002. It's wholly owned subsidiary, Micron Products, Inc. (Micron), is a manufacturer and distributor of silver-plated and non-silver plated conductive resin sensors (sensors) used in the manufacture of disposable electrodes constituting a part of electrocardiograph (ECG) diagnostic and monitoring instruments. Micron also acts as a distributor of metal snap fasteners (snaps), another component used in the manufacture of disposable electrodes. In addition, Micron manufactures and leases high-speed electrode assembly machines to its sensor and snap customers.
ARRY Array BioPharma Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company working towards discovery, development and commercialization or orally active drugs to address unmeet medical needs. Drug development pipeline is primarily focused on the treatment of cancer and inflammatory disease, and includes several small molecule drug candidates that are designed to regulate targets in therapeutically important biologic pathways. In addition, pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies access the Company's drug scovery technologies and expertise through collaborations to design, create, optimize and evaluate drug candidates across a broad range of therapeutic areas.
ARQL ArQule, Inc. is engaged in the research and development of small molecule cancer therapeutics based on its novel biological approach to cancer, Activated Checkpoint Therapy (ACT), and on its expertise in small molecule chemistry and intelligent drug design. On September 8, 2003, the Company acquired Cyclis Pharmaceuticals, Inc., an early stage cancer therapeutics company. The Cyclis acquisition provided the Company with the proprietary ACT platform, an oncology discovery pipeline, and ARQ 501, which is now in Phase I clinical trials. The Company also has two internal drug discovery programs outside of its cancer focus.
ARTX Arotech Corporation, formerly known as Electric Fuel Corporation, is a defense and security products and services company. Arotech operates three business units: the Simulation, Training and Consulting Division; Battery and Power Systems Division, and Armored Vehicle Division. The Simulation, Training and Consulting Division develops, manufactures and markets advanced hi-tech multimedia and interactive digital solutions for use-of-force and driving training of military, law enforcement and security personnel, as well as offers security consulting and other services. The Battery and Power Systems Division manufactures and sells zinc-air and lithium batteries for defense and security products and other military applications. The division also pioneers advancements in zinc-air battery technology for electric vehicles. The Armored Vehicle Division utilizes lightweight materials and advanced engineering processes to armor vehicles.
ACKHQ.OB Armstrong Holdings, Inc. (AHI) is a publicly held parent holding company of Armstrong World Industries, Inc. (AWI). The Company's operation is its indirect ownership, through AWI of all its capital stock. AHI is a global producer of flooring products and ceiling systems for use in the construction and renovation of residential, commercial and institutional buildings. Through its United States operations and international subsidiaries, it designs, manufactures and sells flooring products, such as resilient, wood, carpeting and sports flooring and ceiling systems, such as mineral fiber, fiberglass and metal around the world. It also designs, manufactures and sells kitchen and bathroom cabinets in the United States. The Company owns and operates 44 manufacturing plants in 12 countries, including 26 plants located throughout the United States. The Company's segments are Resilient Flooring, Wood Flooring, Textiles and Sports Flooring (TSF), Building Products and Cabinets and All Other.
AH Armor Holdings, Inc. is a manufacturer and provider of specialized security products, training and support services related to these products, vehicle armor systems, military helicopter seating systems, aircraft and land vehicle armor systems, protective equipment for military personnel and other technologies used to protect humans in a variety of life-threatening or catastrophic situations. The Company's products and systems are used domestically and internationally by military, law enforcement, security and corrections personnel, as well as governmental agencies, multinational corporations and individuals. The Company is organized and operated under three business divisions: Armor Holdings Products, also referred to as its Products Division; Armor Mobile Security, also referred to as its Mobile Security Division, and Simula, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary.
ARMF Armanino Foods of Distinction, Inc. is engaged in the production and marketing of upscale and frozen and refrigerated food products, including pesto and other Italian-style sauces, stuffed and flat pasta products, focaccia, cooked meat and poultry products and garlic spread/dip products. The Company's products are marketed through a network of food brokers and sold to retail and foodservice distributors, club-type stores and industrial accounts. Several of these products are sold under two separate labels: the Italian Holiday label, which services government-type institutional customers, as well as to foodservice customers, and the Bay City brand label, which serves retail meat and deli customers, as well as foodservice customers, in the Western region of the United States. The Company's line of refrigerated products includes the Garlic Zing product line, which is sold only under the Garlic Zing label to retail customers in the Western region of the United States.
ARMHY ARM Holdings plc designs power-efficient RISC (reduced instruction set computing) microprocessors and related technology and software, and sells development systems, to enhance the performance, cost-effectiveness and power-efficiency of an extensive range of embedded applications. The Company licenses and sells its technology and products to electronics companies, which in turn, manufacture, market and sell microprocessors, application-specific integrated circuits and application-specific standard products based on the ARM architecture to systems companies for incorporation into a wide variety of end products. The Company also licenses and sells development systems directly to systems companies, and provides consulting, support services, platforms and application software to its licensees, systems companies and other systems designers.
HOST Arlington Hospitality, Inc. is engaged in the development and construction of limited service hotels without food and beverage facilities. The Company is also involved in the ownership, operation, management and sale of these hotels. During the past several years, it has focused almost on AmeriHost Inn hotels with limited ownership and operation of other branded hotels. The Company is a full-service real estate company with in-house expertise and resources in development, acquisitions, financing, construction management, property management, marketing and accounting. At December 31, 2003, the Company owned or managed 64 hotels in 17 states, primarily concentrated in the Midwestern United States. It had one additional hotel under construction in West Virginia.
ABFS Arkansas Best Corporation is a diversified holding company engaged, through its subsidiaries, primarily in motor carrier transportation operations and intermodal transportation operations. The Company's less-than-truckload (LTL) motor carrier operations are conducted through ABF Freight System, Inc., ABF Freight System (B.C.), Ltd., ABF Freight System Canada, Ltd., ABF Cartage, Inc. Land-Marine Cargo, Inc., FreightValue, Inc. and ABF Freight System de Mexico, Inc. (collectively, ABF). ABF provides interstate and intrastate direct service to more than 40,000 points through 290 terminals in all 50 states, Canada, Puerto Rico and Mexico. The Company's intermodal transportation operations are conducted through Clipper Exxpress Company. Clipper provides transportation services such as intermodal and truck brokerage, warehousing, consolidation, transloading, repacking and other ancillary services.
ARKR Ark Restaurants Corp. owns and operates 22 restaurants and bars, 26 fast food concepts, catering operations, and wholesale and retail bakeries. As on October 02, 2004, the Company had nine restaurants in New York City, four in Washington, D.C. and nine in Las Vegas, Nevada. The Company's Las Vegas operations include three restaurants within the New York-New York Hotel &amp; Casino Resort, and operation of the resort's room service, banquet facilities, employee dining room and nine food court operations; two restaurants, two bars and four food court facilities at the Venetian Casino Resort; one restaurant at the Neonopolis Center at Fremont Street, and one restaurant within the Forum Shops at Caesar's Shopping Center. During the fiscal year ended October 02, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Company established operations in Florida.
AZL Arizona Land Income Corporation is a real estate investment trust (REIT). The Company began investing in First Mortgage Loans on unimproved real property located primarily in the metropolitan Phoenix area. The loans included mortgage loans secured or collateralized by first mortgages, first deeds of trust and real property subject to agreements for sale and subdivision trusts (First Mortgage Loans). Until December 1991, the Company purchased interests in 20 First Mortgage Loans. Since January 1992, it has purchased only two First Mortgage Loans and has had to institute foreclosure proceedings with respect to certain properties securing other First Mortgage Loans. Arizona Land has not identified any opportunities to make new loans, so in the event of a loan maturity or sale of property, the Company intends to distribute the proceeds, beyond what is needed for day-to-day operations of the Company, to its shareholders.
ARTL The Aristotle Corp. is a manufacturer and global distributor of educational, health, medical technology and agricultural products. A selection of over 80,000 items is offered, primarily through catalogs carrying the brand of Nasco, as well as those bearing the brands of Simulaids, Triarco, Summit Learning, Hubbard Scientific, Scott Resources, Spectrum Educational Supplies, Haan Crafts and To-Sew. Products include educational materials and supplies for substantially all K-12 (kindergarten through twelfth grade) curricula, molded plastics, biological materials and items for the agricultural, senior care and food industries. In addition, the Company offers simulation kits and manikins used for training in cardiopulmonary resuscitation and the fire and emergency rescue and patient care fields. The Company operates in two business segments: educational and commercial.
ARBA Ariba, Inc. provides enterprise spend management solutions that allow enterprises to manage efficiently the purchasing of all non-payroll goods and services required to run their business. The Company's solutions, which include software applications, services and network access, are designed to provide corporations with technology and business process improvements to better manage their corporate spending and, in turn, save money. Ariba Spend Management solutions integrate with and leverage the Ariba Supplier Network. The Ariba Supplier Network is a scalable Internet infrastructure that connects Ariba customers with their business partners and suppliers to exchange product and service information, as well as a broad range of business documents, such as purchase orders and invoices. In addition to application software, Ariba Spend Management solutions include implementation and consulting services, education and training.
ARIA ARIAD Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is engaged in the discovery and development of breakthrough medicines to treat cancer by regulating cell signaling with small molecules. Breakthrough medicines are products created de novo that may be used to treat diseases in new ways. The Company is developing an approach to patients with cancer that addresses the greatest medical need, novel therapies for aggressive and advanced-staged disease for which current treatments are inadequate. ARIAD is primarily focused on a series of product candidates for targeted oncology indications: AP23573 and AP23464 to treat solid tumors and other malignancies; AP23464 to treat certain forms of leukemia and to block the spread of cancer, a major cause of morbidity and mortality in cancer, and AP23841 to treat cancer that has spread to bone and primary bone cancers, such as osteogenic sarcomas.
ARIS.OB ARI Network Services, Inc. is a provider of electronic parts catalog and related technology and services for dealers in the manufactured equipment market. The Company focuses on the sales and marketing on the United States, Canadian, European and Australian manufactured equipment industry (the Equipment Industry), providing direct sales and service in North America and operating through a combination of direct sales and service and value-added sales and service agents elsewhere. The Equipment Industry is made up of separate sub-markets in which the manufacturers share common distributors, retail dealers and/or service points. These sub-markets include outdoor power, power sports, motorcycles, recreation vehicles, marine, construction, floor maintenance, agricultural equipment, auto and truck parts aftermarket and others.
AGY Argosy Gaming Company owns and operates six casinos located in the central United States: Argosy Casino Lawrenceburg, Empress Casino Joliet, Alton Belle Casino, Argosy Casino Riverside, Argosy Casino Baton Rouge and Argosy Casino Sioux City. These casinos cater to local customers who generally live within an hour's drive. Slot machines contributed approximately 85% of Argosy's casino revenues in 2003. The company continually upgrades its gaming products, and continues to invest in cashless ticket-in, ticket-out (TITO) slot machines, designed to be more convenient to customers, and to increase operational efficiency. As of December 31, 2003, approximately 50% of the Company's slot machines were TITO operational while approximately 70% were TITO capable.
AGNT Argonaut Technologies, Inc. is a developer of products designed to help pharmaceutical chemists engaged in the discovery and development of new chemical entities increase their productivity and reduce their operating costs without compromising the scientific integrity of their research. Pharmaceutical, biotechnology and chemical industry organizations have implemented Argonaut's solutions to accelerate the development of new chemical entities. The Company's chemistry consumables allow scientists to optimize their experiments, purify their materials and yield better compounds than traditional consumable products used for chemical synthesis. Argonaut's instrument products enable parallel synthesis of new chemical compounds, allowing chemists to perform multiple experiments under a variety of conditions in much less time than other traditional chemistry development methods would take. In addition, the Company provides a variety of services to its customers.
AGII Argonaut Group, Inc. is a national provider of specialty insurance products designed to meet the needs of targeted insured groups. Argonaut Insurance Company is directly owned by the Company, and is the parent of several of its other property and casualty insurance companies. Workers' compensation is the primary line of insurance written by Argonaut Insurance Company and the following subsidiaries: Argonaut-Midwest Insurance Company, Argonaut-Northwest Insurance Company, Argonaut-Southwest Insurance Company and Georgia Insurance Company. The Company's operations include four continuing business segments: excess and surplus lines, risk management, specialty commercial and public entity. Additionally, it has one run-off segment, representing products it no longer underwrites.
AGAX.OB Argan, Inc., formerly Puroflow Incorporated, is a holding company with no operations other than its investment in Southern Maryland Cable, Inc. (SMC). The Company acquired SMC in July 2003. Through SMC, Argan provides telecommunications infrastructure services, including project management, construction and maintenance, to the United States Federal Government, telecommunications and broadband service providers, as well as electric utilities. The Company participates in the expansion of the telecommunications industry by working with various telecommunications providers. It provides maintenance and upgrade services for their outside plant systems that increase the capacity of existing infrastructure. Argan also provides outside plant services to the power industry by providing maintenance and upgrade services to utilities.
ARET.OB Arete Industries, Inc. has embarked on a business focusing on acquiring interests in traditional oil and gas ventures, as well as development of alternative and renewable energy projects. In the oil and gas field, the Company is looking for conservation oriented projects that offer high profit, low risk projects, including overlooked and by-passed reserves of natural gas, which will include shut-in and in-field development, stripper wells, re-completion and re-working projects. Its subsidiaries were Global Direct Marketing, Inc. (Global), which was in the business of printing advertising materials and coupons and mailing them for its customers and Aggression Sports, Inc. (Aggression Sports), an outdoors sports products company.
ARD Arena Resources, Inc. owns interests in oil and gas properties located in Oklahoma, Texas, Kansas and New Mexico. The Company is engaged primarily in the acquisition, exploration and development of oil and gas properties and the production and sale of oil and gas. From inception through December 31, 2003, Arena has increased its proved reserves to approximately 9.5 million Boe (barrel of oil equivalent), through the acquisition of interests in 10 leases, which have net revenue interests ranging from 24.5% to 81.32%. At year-end 2003, approximately 18% of the 9.5 million Boe of proved reserves have been classified as producing. Approximately 94% of the Company's proved reserves consisted of oil and 6% consisted of natural gas. In May 2004, the Company acquired an 82% working interest, 67.5% net revenue interest in the East Hobbs San Andres Unit. In December 2004, the Company acquired a 100% working interest, 75% net revenue interest in the Fuhrman-Mascho Field.
ARNA Arena Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is focused principally on discovering and developing drugs that act on an important class of drug targets called G protein-coupled receptors (GPCRs). It focuses its drug discovery efforts across GPCR targets and compounds within four therapeutic areas: metabolic diseases, central nervous system disorders, cardiovascular diseases and inflammatory disorders. The Company uses CART, its constitutively activated receptor technology, as well as Melanophore technology and other technologies to better understand GPCRs and to identify compounds that may lead to new drugs. In 2003, Arena completed preclinical testing for its obesity drug candidate, APD356, in preparation for the Phase I clinical trials initiated in February 2004.
ARLC Arel Communications and Software Ltd. is in the business of providing interactive voice, video and data Web communication solutions for conferencing, collaboration and corporate training applications that enable content, audio and video interaction in real time between large numbers of participants at remote locations. The Company develops, markets and sells an integrated suite of enterprise software applications that allows geographically dispersed users to work together in groups, attend online seminars (Webinars) and panel discussions, participate in training courses and have one-on-one meetings with customers or colleagues. The Arel Spotlight application suite consists of Spotlight Meeting, Spotlight Webinar and Spotlight Campus. Its enterprise software allows users to speak, share data, share applications, chat and see one another.
ARI Arden Realty, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust that owns, manages, leases, develops, renovates and acquires commercial properties located in Southern California. As of December 31, 2003, the Company's portfolio of primarily suburban office properties consisted of 130 properties and 215 buildings containing approximately 18.9 million net rentable square feet, including one development property with approximately 283,000 net rentable square feet under lease-up. As of December 31, 2003, its operating portfolio was 90.4% occupied. It is the sole general partner of Arden Realty Limited Partnership (the Operating Partnership), and, as of December 31, 2003, it owned approximately 97.4% of the Operating Partnership's common partnership units. The Company conducts substantially all of its operations through the Operating Partnership and its consolidated subsidiaries.
ARDNA Arden Group, Inc. is a holding company with real estate holdings, which conducts other operations through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Arden-Mayfair, Inc. and Gelson's Markets. Sales from the Company's 18 supermarkets in Southern California increased 22% for the fiscal year ended January 31, 2004. All stores offer a Company credit card to qualified customers and allow customers the option of paying for their purchases with cash, checks or credit and debit cards. Gelson's operates 18 supermarkets in Southern California, 17 under the name Gelson's and one under the name Mayfair. Gelson's and Mayfair are self-service, cash-and-carry markets that offer a selection of local and national brands and a number of private-label items.
ACAT Arctic Cat, Inc. designs, engineers, manufactures and markets snowmobiles and all-terrain vehicles (ATVs) under the Arctic Cat brand name, as well as related parts, garments and accessories. It operates in a single-industry segment and markets its products through a network of independent dealers located throughout the contiguous United States and Canada, through distributors representing dealers in Alaska, Europe, the Middle East, Asia and other international markets.
ASN Archstone-Smith Trust is a real estate investment trust (REIT) engaged in the operation, development, redevelopment, acquisition, management and long-term ownership of apartment communities throughout the United States. The Company's garden communities operate under the Archstone Communities brand name, while its high-rise communities operate under the Charles E. Smith Residential brand name. The Company is structured as an umbrella partnership real estate investment trust (UPREIT), under which all property ownership and business operations are conducted through Archstone-Smith Operating Trust (the Operating Trust). During the year ended December 31, 2003, Archstone-Smith owned or had an ownership position in 249 communities, representing 88,183 units, including units under construction.
ARHN.OB Archon Corporation's primary business operations are conducted through its wholly owned subsidiary corporation, Pioneer Hotel Inc. (PHI), which operates the Pioneer Hotel &amp; Gambling Hall (the Pioneer) in Laughlin, Nevada. The Company owns real estate on Las Vegas Boulevard South (the Strip) in Las Vegas, Nevada; investment properties in Dorchester, Massachusetts and Gaithersburg, Maryland, and through a wholly owned subsidiary, Archon Sparks Management Company, formerly operated a casino in Sparks, Nevada, which was closed in December 2003.
AX Archipelago Holdings, L.L.C. operates the Archipelago Exchange (ArcaEx), an open all-electronic stock exchange in the United States. During the year ended December 31, 2003, its customers executed 295.1 million transactions in United States equity securities through ArcaEx, and the Company handled 24.6% of the total trading volume in Nasdaq-listed securities. The Company has also introduced trading platforms and services designed to enhance the speed and quality of trade execution for its customers. In addition to its core execution services, Archipelago provides customers with market data on a real time and on a summary basis, and, as an exchange, it offers issuers a venue to list their equity securities and other structured products. Additionally, Archipelago operates The ArcaEdge, a trading platform designed to bring the benefits of ArcaEx, a fast electronic execution, transparency and open market access to the trading of small-cap equity securities.
ADM Archer-Daniels-Midland Company is engaged in procuring, transporting, storing, processing and merchandising agricultural commodities and products. Its operations are classified into four business segments: Oilseeds Processing, Corn Processing and Agricultural Services. The Company's remaining operations are aggregated and classified as Other. The Oilseeds Processing segment includes activities related to processing oilseeds, such as soybeans, cottonseed, sunflower seeds, canola, peanuts, and flaxseed into vegetable oils and meals principally for the food and feed industries. The Corn Processing segment includes activities related to the manufacture of products used in the food and beverage industry. The Agricultural Services segment buys, stores, cleans and transports agricultural commodities and resells these commodities primarily as feed ingredients and as raw materials for the agricultural processing industry. The Other segment is engaged in milling wheat, corn and milo into flour.
ACI Arch Coal, Inc. is engaged primarily in the mining, processing and marketing of low-sulfur coal from mines located in both the eastern and western United States. The location of the mines enables it to ship coal cost-effectively to most of the major domestic coal-fired electric generation facilities. These mines are supported by a reserve base totaling 2.9 billion tons. As of December 31, 2003, it operated a total of 30 mines, all located in the United States, and controlled approximately 2.8 billion tons of proven and probable coal reserves. The Company sells substantially all of its coal principally to domestic electric utilities and independent power producers. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company sold 100.6 million tons of coal.
ARJ Arch Chemicals, Inc. is a specialty chemicals manufacturer that supplies value-added products and services to several industries on a worldwide basis, including the consumer products and the semiconductor industries. The principal business segments in which the Company competes are treatment products, microelectronic materials and performance products. Within its treatment products segment, Arch manufactures and sells water treatment chemicals, industrial biocides and personal care specialty ingredients, as well as wood treatment and industrial coatings products. The microelectronic materials segment is a global supplier of chemicals and services used to create semiconductor devices and flat-panel displays. Performance products offered by the Company include performance urethanes and hydrazine.
ACGL Arch Capital Group Ltd. writes insurance and reinsurance on a worldwide basis through operations in Bermuda and the United States. The Company's reinsurance operations are conducted on a worldwide basis through its principal reinsurance subsidiaries, Arch Reinsurance Ltd. (Arch Re Bermuda) and Arch Reinsurance Company (Arch Re U.S). Its insurance operations are conducted in the United States and Bermuda. Its insurance operations in Bermuda are conducted through Arch Insurance (Bermuda), a division of Arch Re Bermuda. In the United States, its principal insurance subsidiaries are Arch Insurance Company, Arch Excess &amp; Surplus Insurance Company and Arch Specialty Insurance Company. The Company also underwrites non-standard automobile business through its subsidiaries, American Independent Insurance Company and Personal Service Insurance Company.
ARCAF ARCADIS NV is an international provider of knowledge-based consulting services in the areas of infrastructure, environment, buildings and communications. Most of its commercial activities are undertaken under the trade name ARCADIS. In some countries, the Company operates under different legal or commercial names. ARCADIS provides consulting and engineering services in four principal geographic segments: the Netherlands, North and South America, other European countries and other countries. In these geographic segments, the Company provides services in areas, such as infrastructure, environment, buildings and communications.
ARCS.OB ARC Wireless Solutions, Inc. provides wireless network component and end-to-end wireless network solutions. The Company's wireless communications solutions division designs, develops, manufactures, markets and sells a diversified line of antennas and related wireless communication systems, including cellular base station, mobile, cellular, conformal and flat-panel antennas. Through its subsidiary, Winncom Technologies Corp., ARC specializes in marketing, distribution and service of wireless component and network solutions in support of, both, voice and data applications domestically and internationally. Through another subsidiary, Starworks Wireless Inc., the Company specializes in the design, manufacturing, marketing, distribution of cable in the United States, primarily through original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and third-party distributors, retailers and the Internet.
ABR Arbor Realty Trust, Inc. is a specialized real estate finance company investing in real estate-related bridge and mezzanine loans, preferred equity and, in limited cases, discounted mortgage notes and other real estate-related assets, which it collectively refer to as structured finance investments. The Company also invests in mortgage-related securities. Its objective is to maximize the difference between the yield on its investments and the cost of financing these investments to generate cash available for distribution, facilitate capital appreciation and maximize total return to its stockholders. The Company commenced operations in July 2003. It conducts substantially all of its operations through its operating partnership, Arbor Realty Limited Partnership. The Company intends to elect to be taxed as a real estate investment trust (REIT) under the Internal Revenue Code. The Company is managed by Arbor Commercial Mortgage, a national commercial real estate finance company.
ARBE.OB Arbor EnTech Corporation has no business operations and no representation is made, nor is any intended, that it will be able to carry on future business activities successfully. It was engaged in the production and wholesale distribution of wood products for home use, principally fireplace wood and garden stakes, until September 2, 2003. It is seeking other business opportunities but has not yet identified any such opportunity. In connection with its search for a business opportunity, Arbor has been and will remain an insignificant participant among firms that engage in the acquisition of business opportunities.
ARB Arbitron is an international media and marketing research firm primarily serving radio, cable, advertising agencies, advertisers, outdoor and out-of-home media and, through its Scarborough joint venture, broadcast television and print media. The Company has four main services: Measuring radio audiences in local markets in the United States and Mexico; Measuring national radio audiences and the audience size of network radio programs and commercials; providing application software used for accessing and analyzing media audience and marketing information data, and providing consumer and media usage information services to radio, cable, advertising agencies, advertisers, outdoor and out-of-home media, Internet broadcasters and, through its Scarborough joint venture, broadcast television and print media.
RMK ARAMARK Corporation is a provider of a range of outsourced services to business, educational, healthcare and governmental institutions and sports, entertainment and recreational facilities. It provides or manages services in two strategic areas: Food and Support Services and Uniform and Career Apparel, which are organized and managed in business segments including Food and Support Services - United States, Food and Support Services - International, Uniform and Career Apparel - Rental and Uniform and Career Apparel - Direct Marketing. The Food and Support Services Group manages interrelated services, including food, refreshment, facility and other support services, for clients in the United States and in 17 other countries. The Uniform and Career Apparel Group provides uniforms, career and image apparel, equipment, work clothes and accessories to meet the needs of clients in a range of industries. In May 2003, ARAMARK divested its Educational Resources business.
ADYE.OB Aradyme Corporation develops and markets database management systems (DBMS) and related services. The Company is seeking to commercialize its core technology across multiple industries through direct sales and strategic relationships with core integrators for data distribution-migration-repurposing, customer relationship management, and enterprise resource planning applications.
ARDM Aradigm Corporation is a developer of needle-free drug delivery systems for the treatment of lung and systemic diseases. The Company is developing two technologies designed to deliver drugs and biologics, either via the pulmonary or subcutaneous route. Its handheld AERx platform is being designed for the rapid and reproducible delivery of a range of pharmaceutical drugs and biotech compounds via pulmonary delivery or through the lung. Its pen-sized, needle-free subcutaneous Intraject system is designed to deliver drugs to the subcutaneous region of the skin, where it can gain access to the bloodstream. The Company's program, using its AERx technology, is based on a development partnership with Novo Nordisk A/S for the pulmonary delivery of insulin for diabetes. Its AERx technologies focus on small-particle aerosol generation from liquid formulation at the point of delivery and control over patient inhalation technique, in order to reproducibly deliver the aerosol drug to the deep lung.
ARA Aracruz Celulose S.A. is a producer of bleached hardwood kraft market pulp. The Company produces eucalyptus pulp, which is a high-quality variety of hardwood pulp used by paper manufacturers to produce a range of products, including premium tissue, printing and writing papers, liquid packaging board and specialty papers. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company produced approximately 2,250,000 tons of bleached eucalyptus pulp. The Company's eucalyptus pulp mill, which has three production units, is located at Rodovia Aracruz-Barra do Riacho, kilometer 25, Municipality of Aracruz, State of Espirito Santo, Brazil. Aracruz owns approximately 405,700 hectares of forest and other land in the States of Espirito Santo, Bahia, Minag Gerais and Rio Grande do Sul, of which over 247,000 hectares are planted with eucalyptus forests. On January 7, 2004, Riocell was merged into the Company as its Guaiba Unit.
ILA Aquila, Inc. operates electricity and natural gas distribution utilities serving customers in seven states. Aquila also owns and operates power generation assets. The Company's electric and natural gas distribution utilities do business as Aquila. The Company serves 446,000 electric distribution customers in Missouri, Kansas, Colorado, Nebraska, Iowa, Michigan and Minnesota. Aquila's Energy Resources group is responsible for United States regulated power activities, including fuel, purchase power, generation dispatch and services to 431,000 wholesale electric distribution customers in Missouri, Kansas and Colorado. The Company owns or controls approximately 2,073 Megawatts of non-regulated power generation. Its Capacity Services operation has interests in five projects in Mississippi and Illinois. Aquila is in the process of exiting this business segment. Everest Connections, which is majority-owned by Aquila, offers a range of broadband services to residential and business customers.
AQNT aQuantive, Inc. is a digital marketing services and technology company that is organized into two lines of businesses: digital marketing services, which include Avenue A/Razorfish and i-FRONTIER, the interactive advertising agencies that offer digital marketing services, and digital marketing technologies, which include Atlas DMT that provides digital marketing technologies. The Company's digital marketing services include media planning and buying, advertising serving, campaign analysis, optimization, search engine marketing, global marketing dashboard, creative and Website development, portal relationship management customer targeting, channelscope, brandoptics and customer insights. Atlas DMT services for managing digital marketing programs include Atlas digital marketing suite, Atlas GRP and reach forecaster and GO TOAST services. Atlas DMT services for Website effectiveness include Atlas vital signs and Atlas netConversions.
AQA Aquacell Technologies, Inc. is engaged in the manufacture and sale of products for water filtration and purification through its operating subsidiaries, Global Water-Aquacell, Inc. and Water Science Technologies, Inc. (WST). Its products address various water treatment applications for industrial, commercial, institutional and residential purposes. The Company's flagship product is its Aquacell Bottled Water Cooler System. These applications range from providing purified drinking water through its point-of-use, self-filling Purific Water Cooler and production of water bottling plant equipment to equipment for processing water for ultra-pure purposes, such as micro-chip and pharmaceutical manufacturing. Aquacell's third subsidiary, Aquacell Media Inc., was established primarily to sell advertising space on the bottle label of the permanently attached, five-gallon bottle of the Company's self-filling Purific Water Cooler.
WTR Aqua America, Inc. is the holding company for regulated utilities providing water or wastewater services to approximately 2.5 million people in Pennsylvania, Ohio, Illinois, Texas, New Jersey, Indiana, Virginia, Florida, North Carolina, Maine, Missouri, New York, South Carolina and Kentucky. Its principal operating subsidiary, Aqua Pennsylvania, Inc., accounts for approximately 60% of its operating revenues, and provides water or wastewater services to approximately 1.3 million residents in the suburban areas north and west of the City of Philadelphia and in 19 other counties in Pennsylvania. The Company's other subsidiaries provide similar services in 13 other states. In addition, it provides water and wastewater service through operating and maintenance contracts with municipal authorities and other parties close to its operating companies' service territories. In December 2004, the Company's Ohio subsidiary sold the Geneva water system assets.
APTM.OB Aptimus, Inc. is a performance-based Internet advertising network. For marketers, it offers a platform to present their offers across an audience of Website and e-mail distribution channels. For Website distribution partners, it generates revenues per impression, and aims to promote compelling offers from quality brands in graphical formats that complement the partners' sites and add value for their customers. The Company's primary offer presentation formats include cross-marketing promotions at the point of registration, log-in or other transactional activities on Websites, online advertising programs and permission-based e-mail marketing campaigns. In the summer of 2000, it exited the Website business and terminated most of the contracts tied to the business. As of the summer of 2001, Aptimus was a fully transitioned company focused exclusively on its network business opportunity and poised for a turnaround in its growth.
ATR AptarGroup, Inc. is a global supplier of a range of dispensing systems for the personal care, fragrance/cosmetic, pharmaceutical, household and food/beverage markets. The Company focuses on providing value-added dispensing systems (pumps, closures and aerosol valves) to global consumer product marketers to allow them to differentiate their products and meet consumers' need for convenience. The Company is organized into five business units. The Dispensing Systems segment is an aggregate of four of AptarGroup's five business units. The Dispensing Systems segment sells primarily non-aerosol spray and lotion pumps, plastic dispensing and non-dispensing closures and metered-dose aerosol valves. SeaquistPerfect represents AptarGroup's fifth business unit and sells primarily aerosol valves and accessories and certain non-aerosol spray and lotion pumps. AptarGroup has manufacturing facilities worldwide, including North America, Europe, Asia and South America.
ATS APT Satellite Holdings Limited (APT Holdings) provides satellite services throughout the People's Republic of China (PRC) and elsewhere in the Asia-Pacific region. The Company's APSTAR System broadcasts satellite television channels of international broadcasters (including Home Box Office, Sony Pictures Entertainment and Hallmark Entertainment), as well as the Peoples Republic of China, Taiwan and Hong Kong broadcasters (including CCTV, CETV-1 and CSTV). The APSTAR System is an integrated satellite system that covers more than 100 countries from Japan to South Africa and from Germany to Australia. APT Holdings also provides telecommunications services to, among others, the China Telecom Corp., China United Telecommunications Corp. (China Unicom) and China Netcom, which are telecommunication service providers in China. The Company operates through its subsidiary, APT Satellite Company Limited. Under the new agreement, SingTel will lease six, instead of 15, of APSTAR V's transponders.
APRS Apropos Technology, Inc. (Apropos) develops, markets and supports a real-time, multi-channel interaction management application platform for managing customer interactions across a variety of communications channels, including e-mail, fax, Web and voice. Its product offers online customers the flexibility to interact with businesses over the Internet, through e-mail or Web collaboration, and also provides real-time access to human assistance through either an interactive Web chat or voice interaction, to help in completing a sales or service transaction. Version 6 is an enterprise software suite of modular interaction management products designed to handle real-time interactions both inside and outside the contact center. The Company's seven desktop applications are Apropos Agent, Apropos Interaction Vault, Apropos Resource Manager, Apropos Decision Manager, Apropos Configuration Manager, Apropos System Manager and Apropos Application Designer.
AHG Apria Healthcare Group Inc. operates in the home healthcare segment of the healthcare industry and provides services in the home respiratory therapy, home infusion therapy and home medical equipment areas. In each of its three service lines, Apria provides patients with a variety of clinical and administrative support services, as well as related products and supplies, most of which are prescribed by a licensed physician as part of a care plan. The Company provides these services to patients in the home throughout the United States through approximately 425 branch locations.
APLX Applix, Inc. is a global provider of business intelligence (BI) and business performance management (BPM) solutions. The Company's product family helps customers, automate, analyze and optimize their operational and analytical business processes throughout their extended enterprises. The Applix product family consists of Applix TM1 platform and Applix Integra. These products enable solutions like interactive planning, budgeting and forecasting applications; sales analysis, product profitability, customer profitability; personnel planning applications, and dashboarding, scorecarding and key performance indicators. In January 2003, Applix sold its customer relationship management business to an affiliate of Platinum Equity, LLC, in order to focus all of its resources on its core business in the BI and BPM markets.
APSG Applied Signal Technology, Inc. provides advanced digital signal processing products, systems and services used in reconnaissance of telecommunication signals for intelligence gathering, a process referred to as signal intelligence. The Company develops and manufactures equipment for both the collection and processing of signals. Its signal collection equipment consists of receivers that scan through potentially thousands of cellular telephone, microwave, ship-to-shore and military transmissions in the radio frequency spectrum with the goal of collecting certain specific signals. Its signal processing equipment uses advanced software and hardware to evaluate characteristics of the collected signals and selects those most likely to contain relevant information. At inception, the Company's efforts were primarily focused on processing equipment. Applied Signal has broadened its scope to add specialized collection equipment and complete signal processing systems.
APNS.OB Applied NeuroSolutions, Inc. (APNS) is a development-stage biopharmaceutical company with two wholly owned operating subsidiaries. One of the wholly owned operating subsidiaries is Molecular Geriatrics Corporation (MGC), a development-stage biopharmaceutical company that develops diagnostics to detect, and therapeutics to treat Alzheimer's disease (AD). The other wholly owned operating subsidiary is Hemoxymed Europe, SAS, a development-stage biopharmaceutical company that develops therapies aimed at improving tissue oxygenation by increasing oxygen release from hemoglobin to provide therapeutic value to patients with serious, although unmet or underserved, medical needs (the Hemoxygenation technology). The Company is in the process of dissolving these two subsidiaries, and plans to transfer all of their assets to APNS. On October 30, 2003, the Company changed its name from Hemoxymed, Inc. to Applied NeuroSolutions, Inc.
AMCC Applied Micro Circuits Corporation designs, develops and markets technology products for the communications and storage equipment markets. The Company's products are used for transport, processing, switching, routing and storage of information worldwide. It utilizes design expertise coupled with system-level knowledge and multiple technologies to offer integrated circuit (IC) products, as well as printed circuit board assemblies (PCBAs) for these markets. It generates revenues in the communications market through sales of its IC products to communications equipment manufacturers. In the storage market, it generates revenues through sales of its host bus adaptor (HBAs) board to original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). In April 204, the Company acquired 3ware, Inc., a provider of high-performance, high-capacity serial advanced technology attachment (SATA) storage solutions.
AMDI.OB Applied Medical Devices, Inc. originally operated in the medical products industry. The Company was engaged in the development and sale of medical devices and medical technology. In July 1986, Applied Medical Devices decided to discontinue its business operations and commenced disposing of its business assets. As of May 1, 1987, the Company had completed the disposition of its business operations. Since that time, its operations have consisted of efforts to pursue other business opportunities and funding sources.
AMAT Applied Materials, Inc. (Applied) develops, manufactures, markets and services integrated circuit fabrication equipment for the worldwide semiconductor industry. Applied manufactures systems that perform the primary steps in the chip fabrication process, including atomic layer deposition (ALD), chemical vapor deposition (CVD), physical vapor deposition (PVD), electrochemical plating (ECP), etch, ion implantation, rapid thermal processing (RTP), chemical mechanical polishing (CMP), wafer metrology and inspection, and systems that generate, etch, measure and inspect circuit patterns on masks used in the photolithography process. Its subsidiary, AKT, Inc. manufactures CVD systems and array testers for making flat panel displays (FPDs) used in notebook computers, desktop monitors, televisions and other applications. Applied also provides products and services to enhance manufacturing yields. In December 2004, it acquired the operating subsidiaries and businesses of Metron Technology N.V.
AINN Applied Innovation Inc. is a network management solutions company that delivers hardware, software and service solutions that provide greater connectivity, visibility and control of network elements and the systems that support them. The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company's solutions are targeted to three primary markets in the United States and abroad: telecommunications companies using wireline networks, telecommunications companies using wireless networks and government networks.
AIT Applied Industrial Technologies Inc. (AIT) is a distributor of industrial products and fluid power products and systems. In addition, the Company provides fluid power, mechanical, electrical and rubber shop services. AIT offers technical application support for its products and provides solutions to help customers minimize downtime and reduce overall procurement costs. Although it does not generally manufacture the products it sells, the Company does assemble and repair various products and systems. Its sales are primarily in the maintenance and repair operations (MRO) markets to customers in a range of industries, principally in North America. AIT also sells in original equipment manufacturing (OEM) markets.
AFCO Applied Films Corporation (Applied Films) is a provider of thin film deposition equipment to diverse markets such as the flat panel display (FPD), the architectural and solar glass, and the consumer products packaging and electronics industries. The Company's deposition systems are used to deposit thin films that enhance the characteristics of a base substrate, such as glass, plastic, paper or foil. These thin films provide conductive, electronic, reflective, filter, barrier and other properties. Its thin film deposition systems provide customers with high-yield and throughput, flexible modular configurations, and coating and process technologies. Effective June 2, 2004, Applied Films acquired the in-line systems division of Helix Technology, Inc. in Taiwan (Helix), which established an Asian manufacturing base for the Company. Prior to the completion of this acquisition, all of the Company's manufacturing capacity was in Germany.
ADSX Applied Digital Solutions, Inc., is an advanced technology development company. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company's business operations consisted of the operations of five wholly owned subsidiaries, collectively known as the Advanced Technology segment and two majority owned subsidiaries, Digital Angel Corporation and InfoTech USA, Inc. In 2003, the Company owned 66.9% of Digital Angel Corporation and 52.5% of InfoTech USA, Inc. The Company has five life enhancing technology products in various stages of development, which are Digital Angel, Thermo Life, VeriChip, Bio-Thermo and Personal Locating Device (PLD).
APN Applica Incorporated is a marketer, distributor and manufacturer of branded and private-label small household appliances. Applica markets, distributes and manufactures kitchen products, home products, pest control products, pet care products and personal care products. Its products are marketed under licensed brand names, such as Black &amp; Decker; its own brand names, such as Windmere, LitterMaid and Applica, and other private-label brand names. Applica's customers include mass merchandisers, specialty retailers and appliance distributors primarily in North America, Latin America and the Caribbean.
ARCI.OB Appliance Recycling Centers of America, Inc. (ARCA), together with its operating subsidiaries, is a provider of reverse logistics, energy-efficiency and appliance recycling services for appliance manufacturers and retailers, utility companies, waste management businesses, vending machine companies, property managers, local governments and the general public. Appliances that are suitable for sale are repaired, if necessary, before being tested and distributed to the Company's ApplianceSmart retail outlets. Every appliance is under a warranty and carries a 100% money-back guarantee. Appliances that do not meet quality standards for the Company's retail operations, and appliances collected through utility customers' energy conservation programs and other sources are processed and recycled. ARCA also offers consumers extended warranties, delivery, factory-trained technician service and recycling of old appliances.
CRA Celera Genomics, a business is engaged in the discovery and development of targeted therapeutics for cancer, autoimmune, and inflammatory diseases. Celera Genomics is leveraging its proteomic, bioinformatic, and genomic capabilities to identify and validate drug targets, and to discover and develop small molecule therapeutics. Celera Genomics expects to use these capabilities, along with its molecular and cell biology, medicinal and computational chemistry, pharmacology, and other drug development technologies to optimize the potency, selectivity, and physical properties of new drug candidates. Celera Genomics is also seeking to advance therapeutic antibody and selected small molecule drug programs in collaboration with global technology and market leaders.
ABI Applied Biosystems Group operates as a segment of Applera Corporation and is engaged principally in the development, manufacture, sale, and service of instrument-based systems, reagents and software, as well as the provision of contract services for life science and related applications. Its products are used in various applications including the synthesis, amplification, purification, isolation, analysis and sequencing of nucleic acids, proteins and other biological molecules. Applied Biosystems' products are designed to address the demand for increased automation and efficiency in pharmaceutical and biotechnology laboratories by combining the detection capabilities of analytical instruments with advances in automation and laboratory workflow design.
APPB Applebee's International, Inc. develops, franchises and operates casual dining restaurants under the name Applebee's Neighborhood Grill &amp; Bar. As of December 28, 2003, the Company had 1,585 restaurants. Franchisees operated 1,202 of the restaurants and 383 restaurants were Company-operated. These restaurants were located in 49 states and nine international countries. During 2003, 100 new restaurants were opened, including 74 franchise restaurants and 26 Company restaurants. Each Applebee's restaurant is designed to be a friendly, neighborhood establishment featuring moderately priced food and beverage items, table service and a comfortable atmosphere. The Company's restaurants are designed to appeal to a range of customers, including young adults, senior citizens and families with young children.
AAPL Apple Computer, Inc. designs, manufactures and markets personal computers (PCs) and related software, peripherals and personal computing and communicating solutions. The Company also designs, develops and markets a line of portable digital music players along with related accessories and services including the online distribution of third-party music and audio books. The Company's products and services include the Macintosh line of desktop and notebook computers, the iPod digital music player, the Xserve server and Xserve RAID storage products, a portfolio of consumer and professional software applications, the Mac OS X operating system, the online iTunes Music Store, a portfolio of peripherals that support and enhance the Macintosh and iPod product lines, and a variety of other service and support offerings.
APLL.OB Apolo Gold, Inc (Apolo) is engaged in financing and operating precious metals concessions. The Company explored opportunities in Latin and South America. The Company's subsidiary, Compania Minera Apologold, C.A., a Venezuela corporation, entered into an agreement with Empresa Proyectos Mineros Goldma, C.A. in Caracas Venezuela to acquire the diamond and gold mining concession known as Codsa 13, located in the Gran Sabana Autonomous Municipality, State of Bolivar, Venezuela. The Company had one property being developed, the Nepal Umbar Picung (NUP) property in Sumatra, Indonesia. The NUP is 733.9 hectares in size and the agreement gives Apolo an 80% interest while its partner, Metro Astatama has 20%.
APOL Apollo Group, Inc. provides higher education to working adults for over 25 years. The Company operates through its subsidiaries, The University of Phoenix, Inc., Institute for Professional Development, The College for Financial Planning Institutes Corporation and Western International University, Inc. It offers its programs and services at 82 campuses and 137 learning centers in 39 states, Puerto Rico, and Vancouver, British Columbia.
AGT Apollo Gold Corporation is engaged in the exploration, development and mining of gold. The Company has focused its mining efforts to date on two principal properties: its Montana Tunnels Mine, owned by one of the Company's subsidiaries, Montana Tunnels Mining, Inc. (Montana, Inc.), and the Florida Canyon Mine, owned by another one of the Company's subsidiaries, Florida Canyon Mining, Inc. (Florida, Inc.). Apollo Gold's development activities involve its Black Fox Property and Standard Mine project and its exploration activities involve the Pirate Gold, Nugget Field and Diamond Hill properties. During the year ended December 31, 2003, Standard Gold Mining, Inc., a subsidiary of the company, acquired and incorporated into its Standard Mine property additional adjacent land positions in Buffalo Canyon, and Apollo Gold Exploration, Inc., the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, acquired a new Willow Creek property. Its mines produce gold but also yield quantities of silver, zinc and lead.
ATA Apogee Technology, Inc. designs, develops and markets semiconductor products, or integrated circuits (ICs) to the consumer electronic market. The majority of its ICs incorporate its patented Direct Digital Amplification (DDX) technology. The Company's DDX-based IC products are intended for a range of audio applications, including home theater systems, powered speakers, car audio, commercial audio and personal computer (PC) multi-media. Under a licensing agreement with STMicroelectronics, NV, a semiconductor company, it provides intellectual property to be used in royalty-bearing DDX-based IC products produced by STMicroelectronics. In addition, the Company and STMicroelectronics have entered into a development agreement whereby the companies are developing and marketing new semiconductor products that leverage the DDX technology and STMicroelectronics' intellectual property and semiconductor design, development and manufacturing capability.
APOG Apogee Enterprises, Inc. (Apogee) is engaged in the design and development of value-added glass products, services and systems. The Company and its subsidiaries operate in three segments: the Architectural Products and Services segment designs, engineers, fabricates, installs, maintains and renovates the walls of glass windows of commercial and institutional buildings; the Large-Scale Optical Technologies segment develops and produces value-added glass for custom framing and pre-framed art markets and optical thin film coatings for consumer electronics displays, and the Automotive Replacement Glass and Services segment fabricates aftermarket foreign and domestic automobile windshields and windows.
APOA.OB APO Health, Inc. operates as a distributor and supplier of disposable medical dental, veterinary supplies, health and beauty aids and pharmaceuticals through its two wholly owned subsidiaries, APO Health Inc. and Universal Medical Distributors Inc. The Company has approximately 5,000 different products, which include medical and dental disposable items such as syringes gauze, gowns, facemasks and instruments. APO markets its the products principally to dental, medical and veterinary professionals and wholesales in the United States, principally on the East Coast. APO obtains its products from vendors throughout the world and does not manufacture any products except for its emergency dental kits. The products distributed by the Company are, for the most part, manufactured by third parties in the United States, the Far East, Mexico and Canada.
AEGCF.OB API Electronics Group Corp. is a North American company focused on the manufacture and supply of semiconductors and microelectronic circuits for military, aerospace and commercial applications through its newly acquired, wholly owned subsidiary API Electronics, Inc. API supplies its defense electronic components to the United States Department of Defense and its subcontractors as well to commercial users. In September 2004, the Company changed its name from API Electronics Group Inc. to API Electronics Group Corp. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries include API Electronics, Inc., the Filtran Group of companies consisting of Filtran Inc., Canadian Dataplex Ltd., Filtran Ltd. and Tactron Communications (Canada) Inc., and TM Systems II, Inc.
APHT Aphton Corporation is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products for the treatment of cancer and gastrointestinal disease. Its research and development efforts are based on proprietary active immunization and monoclonal antibody technologies. The Company's technologies are based on key discoveries it made as well as its understanding of the central role of gastrin, a naturally occurring hormone, and gastrin receptors. Dastrin and gastrin receptors are critical to the onset, development, growth and spread of adenocarcinomas of the gastrointestinal system, including those found in the esophagus, stomach, pancreas, liver and throughout the colon and rectum. The Company's lead product candidate is an immunotherapeutic called G17DT.
SIL Apex Silver Mines Limited is a mining exploration and development company that holds a portfolio of privately owned and controlled silver exploration and development properties primarily in South America, Mexico, Central America and Central Asia. The Company has rights to or control over 100 silver and other mineral exploration holdings, divided into 34 property groups, located in or near the traditional silver producing regions of Bolivia, Mexico, Peru, El Salvador and Kyrgyzstan. Apex Limited focuses its resources on the development and financing of its San Cristobal Project in Bolivia. Proven and probable reserves at San Cristobal total approximately 211 million tons of ore grading 65.81 grams per ton of silver, 1.63% zinc and 0.61% lead. These reserves contain approximately 446 million ounces of silver, 7.6 billion pounds of zinc and 2.8 billion pounds of lead. None of the Company's properties are in production.
APAGF Apco Argentina Inc.'s principal business is its 52.85% interest in a joint venture engaged in the exploration, production and development of oil and gas in the Entre Lomas concession, located in the provinces of Rio Negro and Neuquen in southwest Argentina. The Company also owns a 1.5% interest in a joint venture engaged in oil and gas exploration and development in the Acambuco concession, located in the province of Salta in northwest Argentina, a 81.82% interest in a third joint venture, engaged in oil exploration and development in the Canadon Ramirez concession, located in the province of Chubut in southern Argentina and a 50% interest in the Yacimiento Norte 1/B Block, an exploration permit, the Capricorn Permit, located in the province of Salta.
AIV Apartment Investment and Management Company is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust that is engaged in the acquisition, ownership, management and redevelopment of apartment properties. As of December 31, 2003, the Company owned or managed a real estate portfolio comprised of 1,629 apartment properties containing 287,560 apartment units located in 47 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. The Company's primary source of income and cash are rents associated with apartment leases. It operates a range of property types, from suburban garden-style to urban high-rise properties at a broad range of average monthly rental rates, with a majority between $500 and $1,200 per month. The Company conducts substantially all of its business and owns substantially all of its assets through its majority ownership interests in AIMCO Properties, L.P.
APA Apache Corporation is an independent energy company that explores for, develops and produces natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids. The Company has interests in seven countries: the United States, Canada, Egypt, Australia, the United Kingdom, China and Argentina. As of December 31, 2003, approximately 70% of its estimated proved reserves were located in the United States and Canada. Outside North America, the Company's exploration and production activities are focused primarily in Egypt, the North Sea and Australia. Additionally, production began on Apache's interests in China, in July 2003, and the Company has a small production interest in Argentina. The Company's 2003 daily production averaged 214.5 million barrels of oil and natural gas liquids and 1,217 million cubic feet of natural gas. Apache increased its total reserves by 26%, compared with the end of 2002, resulting in 1.66 billion barrels of oil equivalent of estimated proved reserves as of December 31, 2003.
APAC APAC Customer Services, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is a provider of customer interaction solutions for markets in communications, financial services, insurance, healthcare, logistics and travel and hospitality. The Company operates and manages approximately 7,000 workstations in 28 Customer Interaction Centers. The Customer Interaction Centers are managed centrally through the application of telecommunications and computer technology, designed to promote the consistent delivery of quality service. APAC directs its business development efforts primarily towards companies with substantial customer care and/or customer acquisition needs. It often targets those companies that operate in metropolitan areas, that are utilizing inefficient or expensive technology in their customer service and/or acquisition operations or that have the greatest need for increased efficiencies.
APAT APA Optics, Inc. is engaged in designing, manufacturing and marketing of various optoelectronic products, ultraviolet (UV) detectors and related products and optical components. It divides its businesses into two segments: APA, which develops, manufactures and markets products for the fiber-optic, telecommunications, optoelectronics and laser industries, including dense-wavelength division multiplexers (DWDM's), products for UV detection, nitride epitaxial layers and wide-band-gap transistors, and APACN, which designs and manufactures standard and custom connectivity products, such as fiber distribution systems, optical components and fiber and copper cable assemblies that serve the communication service provider, including fiber-to-the-home (FTTH), large-enterprise and original equipment manufacturer (OEM) markets. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004 (fiscal 2004), it ceased the design and manufacturing of precision optical components.
APPA A.P. Pharma, Inc. (APP) is a specialty pharmaceutical company focused on the development of pharmaceutical products utilizing its proprietary polymer-based drug delivery systems. The Company's focus is the development and commercialization of bioerodible injectable and implantable systems under the trade name Biochronomer. APP's product candidates are APF112 and APF530. Initial targeted areas of application for its drug delivery technologies include pain management, anti-nausea, anti-inflammatory, anti-infective, oncology and ophthalmology applications, device coatings and DNA delivery. The Company has also entered into fee-paying feasibility studies with several companies to develop a variety of products using its Biochronomer delivery systems. These products are being developed in the areas of vaccines, ophthalmology, device coatings and DNA delivery.
AOC Aon Corporation, through its various subsidiaries worldwide, serves its clients through three operating segments: Risk and Insurance Brokerage Services, which acts as an advisor and insurance broker, helping clients manage their risks and negotiates and places insurance risk with insurance carriers through its global distribution network; Consulting, which provides advice and services to clients for employee benefits, compensation, management consulting, communications and human resources outsourcing, and Insurance Underwriting, which provides specialty insurance products, including supplemental accident, health and life insurance; credit life, accident and health insurance; extended warranty products, and select property and casualty insurance products and services.
AOS A.O. Smith Corporation is a manufacturer of electric motors and water heating equipment, serving a diverse mix of residential, commercial and industrial end markets principally in the United States, with a growing international presence. The Company is organized in two segments, electrical products and water systems. The electrical products business manufactures and markets a comprehensive line of hermetic motors, fractional horsepower alternating current (AC) and direct current (DC) motors and integral horsepower motors. The water systems business manufactures and markets a comprehensive line of residential gas and electric water heaters, standard and specialty commercial water heating equipment, high-efficiency copper-tube boilers and water systems tanks.
AZAC.OB Anza Capital, Inc. (ANZA) is a financial services company whose primary subsidiary, American Residential Funding, Inc. (AMRES), provides home financing through loan brokerage and banking. It is a holding company, which operates through six subsidiaries, namely AMRES, ExpiDoc.com, Inc (Expidoc), the operations of which is closed down, Titus Real Estate LLC, (Titus Real Estate), which is not in operation, Bravo Realty.com, (Bravorealty.com), Bravo Real Estate, Inc. (Bravo Real Estate Network),which is not operational and AMRES Direct, Inc.
ANH Anworth Mortgage Asset Corporation is in the business of investing primarily in United States agency and other highly rated single-family adjustable-rate and fixed-rate mortgage-backed securities that the Company acquires in the secondary market. United States agency securities are securities that are obligations guaranteed by the United States government or its sponsored enterprises or agencies such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae. Anworth seeks long-term investment returns by investing its equity capital and borrowed funds in such securities. On December 31, 2003, approximately 100% of the Company's assets consisted of mortgage-backed securities guaranteed by either a government-sponsored enterprise or an agency of the United States government such as Fannie Mae, Freddie Mac or Ginnie Mae.
ANTS.OB ANTs Software Inc. (ANTs) is engaged in the development and marketing of software that improves performance in applications requiring high-speed access to shared data. Its operations consist of marketing its first product and research and development. The Company's first product based on its core technology, ANTs Concurrency Engine, is the ANTs Data Server (ADS). ADS is a standard-compliant structured query language relational database server. As a relational database server, it can be implemented standalone. In deploying ADS in complement to one of the larger databases, it acts as an application turbocharger, providing performance and scalability, while at the same time requiring little change to the application, the existing database or the infrastructure.
AGEN Antigenics Inc. is a biotechnology firm developing products to treat cancers, infectious diseases and autoimmune disorders. Its advanced product candidate is Oncophage, a personalized cancer vaccine being tested in several types of cancer, including in Phase III clinical trials for the treatment of renal cell carcinoma, a common type of kidney cancer, and for metastatic melanoma. Antigenics' product candidate portfolio also includes AG-858, a personalized cancer vaccine in a Phase II clinical trial for the treatment of chronic myelogenous leukemia; AG-702/AG-707, a therapeutic vaccine program in Phase I clinical development for the treatment of genital herpes, and Aroplatin, a liposomal chemotherapeutic. Heat shock proteins (HSPs), the Company's technology platform, form the basis for its products. The Company's other activities include intellectual property prosecution, manufacturing therapeutic vaccines for clinical trials, as well as regulatory and clinical affairs.
AHR Anthracite Capital, Inc. is a real estate finance company that generates income based on the spread between the interest income on its mortgage loans and securities investments and the interest expense from borrowings to finance its investments. The Company's primary activity is investing in high yielding commercial real estate debt. Anthracite combines traditional real estate underwriting and capital markets expertise to exploit the opportunities arising from the continuing integration of these two disciplines. The Company focuses on acquiring pools of performing loans in the form of commercial mortgage backed securities (CMBS), issuing secured debt backed by CMBS and providing strategic capital for the commercial real estate industry in the form of mezzanine loan financing. The Company is managed by BlackRock Financial Management, Inc., a subsidiary of BlackRock, Inc.
ANT Anteon International Corp. is a provider of information technology solutions and systems engineering and integration services to government clients as measured by revenue. The Company designs, integrates, maintains and upgrades information systems for national defense, intelligence, emergency response and other high priority government missions. Anteon also provides many of its government clients with the systems analysis, integration and program management skills necessary to manage their mission systems development and operations. The Company has service competencies that include strengths in intelligence systems, emergency response management, logistics modernization, secure identification and access management solutions, training, platform and weapons systems engineering support, ballistic missile defense, healthcare services and government enterprise solutions.
AIS Antares Pharma, Inc. develops, produces and markets pharmaceutical delivery solutions, including needle-free and mini-needle injector systems, gel technologies and transdermal products. The Company distributes its needle-free injector systems for the delivery of insulin and growth hormone in more than 20 countries. In addition, Antares has several products and compound formulations under development and is conducting ongoing research to create new products and formulations that combine various elements of the Company's technology portfolio. Antares' primary customers are pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies.
ANSS ANSYS, Inc. develops and globally markets engineering simulation software and technologies used by engineers and designers across a spectrum of industries, including aerospace, automotive, manufacturing, electronics and biomedical. ANSYS focuses on the development of open and flexible solutions that enable users to analyze designs directly on the desktop, providing a common platform for fast, efficient and cost-conscious product development, from design concept to final-stage testing and validation. The Company distributes its ANSYS, DesignSpace, ICEM CFD Engineering and CAD products through a global network of channel partners, in addition to its own direct sales offices in strategic, global locations. The Company's major product lines are: ANSYS Simulation Suite, ANSYS Physics Verticals, ANSYS Workbench Environment, ANSYS ICEM CFD Suite and ANSYS CFX Suite. In January 2005, the Company acquired Century Dynamics, Inc.
ANSR Answerthink, Inc. is a business and technology consulting firm that provides services designed to enable companies to achieve business performance. The Company's capabilities include benchmarking, business transformation, business applications, business intelligence and offshore application development and support. By combining the comprehensive database of The Hackett Group with the Company's database of business process best practices and performance measurement results and Best Practice Implementation approach, Answerthink's business and technology solutions help clients improve performance and maximize returns on technology investments.
ANST Ansoft Corporation is a developer of electronic design automation (EDA) software used in high-technology products and industries. The Company's software is used by electrical engineers in the design of technology products, such as cellular phones, Internet networking, satellite communications systems, computer chips and circuit boards, and electronic sensors and motors. Ansoft's products are classified into three categories: high-frequency, signal integrity and electromechanical. These software products may be used as an independent design platform or integrated with complementary EDA tools within a customer's existing design environment. Ansoft also offers a number of add-on modules, including AnsoftLinks, Full-Wave Spice and Optimetrics. The Company's customers are in communications, semiconductor, automotive/industrial, computer, consumer electronics and defense/aerospace industries.
ANO Anooraq Resources Corporation is in the business of acquiring and exploring prospective mineral properties. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2003, the Company's principal focus was exploration of the Platreef Project, a platinum metals group prospect held by a private South African corporation, through Plateau, which is now a subsidiary. The Platreef Project is situated on the geological trend known as the Bushveld Complex in the Republic of South Africa. The Platreef Project, which the Company is actively exploring, is of interest geologically because it is a layered mafic intrusive complex, a geological setting known to be associated with platinum group metals. No ore is known to exist at the Platreef Project and a great deal of exploration is still required before any economic feasibility can be considered.
ANNRF.OB Annuity and Life Re (Holdings), Ltd. (Annuity and Life) provides annuity and life reinsurance to select insurers and reinsurers through its wholly owned subsidiaries Annuity and Life Reassurance, Ltd. and Annuity and Life Re America, Inc. and its subsidiary, Annuity and Life Reassurance America, Inc. The Company's life reinsurance segment is the reinsurance of ordinary life insurance, primarily for mortality risks. Its annuity reinsurance segment is the reinsurance of general account fixed deferred annuities, general account payout annuity obligations and certain ancillary risks arising from variable annuities. Annuity and Life is not underwriting any new treaties or accepting any new business from its existing treaties. It is exploring whether it can, should or will begin selling new insurance and reinsurance products in the future.
ANNB Annapolis Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for BankAnnapolis, a community-oriented bank. The Bank's principal business consists of originating loans and attracting deposits. The Bank originates commercial loans, commercial real estate loans, construction loans, one- to four-family real estate loans, home equity loans and consumer loans. The Bank also invests in United States Treasury and United States Government Agency securities and other securities, including mortgage-backed securities issued by or guaranteed by the federal government. The Bank conducts a general commercial and retail banking business in its market area, emphasizing the banking needs of small businesses, professional concerns and individuals. The Bank attracts most of its customer deposits from Anne Arundel County, Maryland, and to a lesser extent, Queen Anne's County, Maryland. The Bank's lending operations are centered in Anne Arundel County, but extend throughout Central Maryland.
NLY Annaly Mortgage Management, Inc. is a real estate investment trust that owns and manages a portfolio of mortgage-backed securities and agency debentures. The Company is primarily engaged in the business of investing, on a leveraged basis, in mortgage pass-through certificates, collateralized mortgage obligations (CMOs) and other securities representing interests in or obligations backed by pools of mortgage loans. It also invests in agency debentures. The Company principally aims to generate net income for distribution to its stockholders from the spread between the interest income on its investment securities and the costs of borrowing to finance its acquisition of investment securities. In June 2004, the Company acquired Fixed Income Discount Advisory Company, a registered investment advisor.
ANN AnnTaylor Stores Corporation, through its wholly owned subsidiaries, is a specialty retailer of better quality women's apparel, shoes and accessories in the United States sold primarily under the Ann Taylor and Ann Taylor Loft brands. The Company's stores offer a range of career and casual separates, dresses, tops, weekend wear, shoes and accessories. Ann Taylor merchandise represents classic styles, updated to reflect current fashion trends. The Ann Taylor client base consists primarily of fashion conscious women from the ages of 25 to 55. The Ann Taylor Loft concept appeals to women with a more relaxed lifestyle and work environment, who appreciate the Ann Taylor style and value. As of January 31, 2004, the Company operated 648 retail stores in 43 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico, of which 354 were Ann Taylor stores, 268 were Ann Taylor Loft stores and 26 were Ann Taylor Factory stores.
AXE Anixter International Inc. is engaged in the distribution of communications and specialty wire and cable products and fasteners and other small parts (C class inventory components) through Anixter Inc. and its subsidiaries. The Company also provides advanced inventory management services, including procurement, just-in-time delivery, quality assurance testing, advisory engineering services, component kit production, small component assembly and e-commerce and electronic data interchange, to a variety of customers. In the third quarter of the fiscal year ended January 2, 2004, the Company purchased Walters Hexagon Group Limited, a distributor of fasteners and other small parts to original equipment manufacturers, and a provider of inventory management services to a range of markets and industries.
PUMP Animas Corporation designs, develops, manufactures and sells external insulin pumps for people with diabetes. The Company introduced its first-generation pump in July 2000. It began shipping its third-generation pump, the IR 1200, in April 2004. The IR 1200 is a small, full-featured insulin pump that has a large display, long battery life, precise insulin delivery and enhanced waterproof integrity. The Company also provides ancillary supplies on an ongoing basis for patients using its pumps, including insulin cartridges, infusion sets, batteries and various accessories. Animas provides extensive education programs and services to people with diabetes.
ANIK Anika Therapeutics, Inc. develops, manufactures and commercializes therapeutic products and devices intended to promote the protection and healing of bone, cartilage and soft tissue. These products are based on hyaluronic acid (HA), a naturally occurring, biocompatible polymer found throughout the body. The Company's marketed products consist of Orthovisc, which is an HA product used in the treatment of some forms of osteoarthritis in humans and Hyvisc, which is an HA product used in the treatment of equine osteoarthritis. It also manufactures CoEase for Advanced Medical Optics, Inc., Staarvisc-II for STAAR Surgical Company and ShellGel for Cytosol Ophthalmics, Inc., each an injectable ophthalmic viscoelastic product.
BUD Anheuser-Busch Companies, Inc. is a holding company with operations in following principal business segments: domestic beer, international beer, packaging, entertainment and other. The domestic beer segment consists of the Company's United States beer manufacturing and wholesale sales operations, including vertically integrated rice, barley and hops operations. The international beer segment consists of export sales and overseas beer production and marketing operations, administration of contract and license brewing arrangements and equity investments. The packaging segment is composed of the Company's aluminum beverage can and lid manufacturing, aluminum recycling, label printing and glass manufacturing operations. The entertainment segment consists of its theme park operations. The other segment includes the Company's real estate development and transportation businesses.
AU AngloGold Ashanti Limited is a global gold company that has 19 operations composed of open-pit and underground mines and surface reclamation plants in eight countries, including Argentina, Australia, Brazil, Mali, Namibia, South Africa, Tanzania and the United States. The Company's operations are supported by exploration activities in 11 countries. The Company's operations in the South African region include seven underground operations located in two geographic areas on the Witwatersrand Basin. The Company's operations in the East and West Africa region is composed of five operations located in three African countries other than South Africa.
ASWRF.OB Anglo Swiss Resources Inc. is in the business of the acquisition, exploration, exploration management and purchase of mineral properties, with the primary aim of developing them to a stage where the Company can exploit them profitably. The Company is engaged in continued exploration of its gold properties in British Columbia and a precious/semi-precious gemstone/graphite property located in south-eastern British Columbia. The Company also has advanced its properties through partnerships, whereby companies manage the property with expertise in developing, designing and operating the extraction of mineral resources. The Company does not have any producing properties and operations on its various properties, which are in the exploration stages. Anglo Swiss owns directly the Kenville Mine Property and the Blu Starr Property, while Canadamin S.A. ownes the Catamayo River Property and the Nuevo Playas Property.
AAUK Anglo American plc, with its subsidiaries, joint ventures and associates, is engaged in the mining and natural resource sectors. The Company owns a range of assets covering gold, platinum, diamonds, coal, ferrous and base metals, industrial minerals and paper and packaging. Anglo's businesses are involved in an array of value-adding products and services along a pipeline that extends from the initial mining or production of raw materials to, in some products, the ultimate consumer. Anglo American is geographically diverse, with operations and developments in Africa, Europe, South and North America and Australia.
ANPI Angiotech Pharmaceuticals, Inc. manufactures drug-coated medical devices and drug-loaded surgical implants. Its leading products are paclitaxel-eluting coronary stent designed to reduce restenosis in patients following a balloon angioplasty procedure. The Company has developed this product through its co-exclusive licensing arrangement with Boston Scientific Corporation and Cook Incorporated. In addition, Angiotech has platform technologies in the field of hydrophilic biomaterials and drug coatings, which were acquired through its acquisitions of Cohesion Technologies, Inc. and STS Biopolymers, Inc. The drug coatings include SLIP-COAT for hydrophilic lubricious coating, MEDI-COAT for drug delivery and ECHO-COAT for ultrasound visible imaging. In December 2003, the Company acquired STS Biopolymers, Inc., a private company specializing in the development and manufacture of biocompatible drug-loadable coatings for medical devices.
ANGO AngioDynamics, Inc. is a provider of medical devices used in minimally invasive, image-guided procedures to treat peripheral vascular disease (PVD). It designs, develops, manufactures and markets a line of therapeutic and diagnostic devices that enable interventional physicians (interventional radiologists, vascular surgeons and others) to treat PVD and other non-coronary diseases. PVD is a condition in which the arteries or veins that carry blood to or from the legs, arms and non-cardiac organs (kidney, intestines and brain) become narrowed, obstructed or ballooned. The Company's product lines primarily consist of angiographic catheters, hemodialysis catheters, percutaneous transluminal angioplasty (PTA) dilation catheters, thrombolytic products, image-guided vascular access (IGVA) products, an endovascular laser venous system and drainage products. The Company sells its products in the United States directly and in 26 non-United States markets through a distributor network.
AGMX.OB Angelo and Maxie's, Inc. operates two full-service steakhouse restaurants located in New York and Florida. The Company's restaurant concept combines the sophistication of the traditional steakhouse with the energy and openness of contemporary fine dining. It offers steaks supported by a comprehensive selection of American fare, served in oversized portions at prices lower than competing upscale steakhouses. The restaurants are designed in an art deco-style decor. Giant murals on the walls, depicting dining and drinking cows, are present in all units and help to reinforce the whimsical, modern feel that the brand represents. Alcoholic beverages are served in all locations. Sales of alcoholic beverages accounted for approximately 29% of the year ending December 31, 2003 total revenues generated at the Angelo and Maxie's Steakhouses.
AGL Angelica Corporation provides linen management services, primarily to healthcare providers, through its Textile Services segment, and sells medical apparel to individuals providing healthcare services through its Life Uniform retail segment. As of January 31, 2004, the Life Uniform segment had 228 retail specialty stores, located in 37 states. All retail store premises are leased. On February 25, 2004, the Board of Directors of the Company announced that it has decided to pursue the sale of Life Uniform. Accordingly, beginning the first quarter ended May 1, 2004, the Company reclassified on its balance sheet the assets and liabilities of, and on the income statement the results of operations relating to, the Life Uniform division as discontinued operations. However, the Company intends to continue to operate the division pending successful negotiation of its sale.
ANGN Angeion Corporation designs non-invasive cardiorespiratory diagnostic systems under the MedGraphics trade name through its Medical Graphics Corporation subsidiary. These cardiorespiratory diagnostic systems assist healthcare professionals in the prevention, early detection and cost-effective treatment of heart and lung disease. Primary MedGraphics products include pulmonary function and cardiopulmonary exercise (CPX) testing systems. The Company also sells health and fitness products under the New Leaf brand to consumers through health and fitness clubs, personal training studios, weight loss centers and other retail outlets. The product provides the consumer with a personalized exercise plan based on an assessment of the individual's level of fitness and metabolism.
ADRX Andrx Corporation is a pharmaceutical company that develops and commercializes generic versions of controlled-release brand name pharmaceuticals, using its proprietary controlled-release drug delivery technologies and generic versions of niche and immediate-release pharmaceutical products, including oral contraceptives. The Company also distributes pharmaceuticals, primarily generics, manufactured by others, as well as its own products, to independent pharmacies, pharmacy chains, pharmacy buying groups and physicians' offices. In addition, In addition, the Company commercializes brand name pharmaceuticals, in some instances using its proprietary controlled-release drug delivery technologies.
ANDW Andrew Corporation (Andrew) develops products for the radio frequency (RF) systems. Andrew classifies its offerings into five product groups: Antennas, Base Station Subsystems, Cable Products, Network Solutions and Wireless Innovations. The Antenna group products include base station antennas, earth station antennas, multi-band antennas and point-to-point antennas. Base Station Subsystems products are integral components of wireless base stations and include products, such as power amplifiers, filters, duplexers and combiners. Cable Products include coaxial cables, connectors, cable assemblies and accessories. Network Solutions includes software and equipment to locate wireless E-911 callers, as well as equipment and services for testing and optimizing wireless networks. Wireless Innovations products are used to extend and enhance the coverage of wireless networks.
AGCC Anchor Glass Container Corporation is a manufacturer of glass containers in the United States. The Company has nine strategically located facilities where it produces a diverse line of flint (clear), amber, green and other colored glass containers of various types, designs and sizes for the beer, beverage, food, liquor and flavored alcoholic beverage markets. The Company's manufacturing facilities are generally located in geographic proximity to its customers due to the significant cost of transportation and the importance of prompt delivery to customers. The Company's production is shipped by common carrier to customers generally within a 150-mile radius of the plant in which it is produced.
ABCW Anchor BanCorp Wisconsin Inc. is a registered savings and loan holding company engaged in the savings and loan business through its wholly owned banking subsidiary, AnchorBank, fsb (the Bank). The Company also has a non-banking subsidiary, Investment Directions, Inc. (IDI), a Wisconsin corporation that invests in real estate partnerships. IDI has two subsidiaries, Nevada Investment Directions, Inc. (NIDI) and California Investment Directions, Inc. (CIDI), both of which invest in real estate held for development and sale. The Bank has three wholly owned subsidiaries: Anchor Investment Services, Inc. (AIS), which offers investments and credit life and disability insurance to the Bank's customers and other members of the general public; ADPC Corporation (ADPC), which holds and develops certain of the Bank's foreclosed properties, and Anchor Investment Corporation (AIC), formed for the purpose of managing a portion of the Bank's investment portfolio in mortgage-related securities.
ANEN Anaren, Inc. is a provider of microwave components and assemblies for the wireless, and space and defense markets. The Company designs components and subsystems that enable wireless communication systems, as well as advanced radar, beamforming and receiver applications, for the space and defense markets. In addition, Anaren is developing and producing a diverse set of miniature microwave component products for consumer wireless communications applications, such as wireless fidelity (WiFi), Bluetooth, cellular handsets and satellite reception. The Company's customer base includes global original equipment manufacturers that serve the wireless, space and defense markets. It utilizes three basic technologies: multi-layer stripline, thick-film ceramics and ball grid array assembly, including the integration of active devices.
ANLT Analytical Surveys, Inc. (ASI) provides customized data conversion, spatial data management and technical services for the geographic information systems market. Geographic information systems (GIS) consist of computer software, hardware, data, and personnel that are designed to help manipulate, analyze, and present information that is tied to a spatial (geographic) location. The Company helps customers by transforming raw, often confusing information from multiple sources, such as maps, blueprints, databases, aerial photography and satellite imagery into a high-resolution, large-scale, richly detailed digital and visual representation that organizations can rely on to make better decisions with speed and confidence. ASI has historically targeted services to utilities and state and local governments, and is implementing strategies to expand the number of markets targeted and the range of GIS-related spatial data management and technical services offered.
ANLY Analysts International Corporation is a diversified information technology (IT) consulting and services firm. In the United States, Analysts International serves client companies through a network of offices. The Company also has a minor presence in Canada and in the United Kingdom, where it has a wholly owned subsidiary, AiC Analysts Ltd. The Company's service offerings are designed to help its clients meet their growing business demands. Those offerings include business solutions, such as application development and integration; infrastructure services including network support, security and connectivity, and full-service staffing. With this mix of services, the Company can assist its clients in plotting a course that can deliver long-term, tangible dividends from their investment in IT. In January 2005, the Company acquired the assets of Cincinnati- based WireSpeed Networks LLC, a technology company specializing in IP Telephony and wireless networking.
ADI Analog Devices, Inc. designs, manufactures and markets high-performance analog, mixed signal and digital signal processing integrated circuits (ICs) used in signal processing for industrial, communication, computer and consumer applications. Its products play a role in converting real-world phenomena, such as temperature, motion, pressure, light and sound into electrical signals to be used in a wide array of electronic equipment ranging from industrial process control, factory automation systems equipment, defense electronics, base stations, central office equipment, wireless telephones, computers, automobiles, computer-aided tomography (CAT) scanners, digital cameras and digital versatile disc (DVD) players. The Company is headquartered in Norwood, Massachusetts, and has manufacturing facilities in Massachusetts, California, North Carolina, Ireland and the Philippines.
NLX Analex Corporation specializes in providing information technology, engineering and bio-defense services and solutions in support of the United States security. Analex focuses on developing technical approaches for the intelligence community, analyzing and supporting defense systems, designing, developing and testing aerospace systems and developing medical defenses and treatments for infectious agents used in biological warfare and terrorism. The Company operates in two segments: Analex that is engaged in professional services related to information technology and systems engineering for the United States government, primarily the National Aeronautics and Space Administration and the Department of Defense and Advanced Biosystems, which is engaged in biomedical research for broad-spectrum defenses against toxic agents capable of being used as bioterrorist weapons, such as anthrax and smallpox.
ANDS Anadys Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company committed to advancing patient care by discovering, developing and commercializing novel small molecule medicines for the treatment of chronic viral infections and bacterial infections. The Company's antiviral focus is primarily directed at the treatment of chronic viral hepatitis, including hepatitis C virus (HCV) and hepatitis B virus (HBV), and its antibacterial focus is directed toward the treatment of serious hospital-based infections. The Company's most advanced HCV product candidates are based on its proprietary compound isatoribine, which represents a new class of drugs being developed to stimulate the body's natural defense mechanisms and respond to viral infections by activating a receptor, or protein, named Toll-like Receptor 7 (TLR 7).
ANAD ANADIGICS, Inc. designs and manufactures radio frequency integrated circuit (RFIC) solutions for the wireless and broadband communications markets. Its high-frequency RFIC products enable manufacturers of communications equipment to enhance system performance and reduce manufacturing cost and time to market. The Company's products are primarily included in cellular and personal communications service phones and base stations, wireless local area networks (WLANs) and cable television infrastructure and set-top boxes. ANADIGICS offers an array of products, including amplifiers, switches, tuner integrated circuits, photodiodes and integrated radio frequency (RF) modules. These integrated circuits perform the transmit-and-receive functions of wireless and broadband communication systems.
APC Anadarko Petroleum Corporation is an oil and gas exploration and production company with 2.5 billion barrels of oil equivalent of proved reserves, as of December 31, 2003. Major areas of operations are located in the United States, primarily in Texas, Louisiana, the mid-continent region and the western states, Alaska and in the shallow and deep waters of the Gulf of Mexico, as well as in Canada and Algeria. Anadarko also has production in Venezuela and Qatar. The Company is executing strategic exploration programs in several other countries. It actively markets natural gas, oil and natural gas liquids and owns and operates gas-gathering systems in its core producing areas. In addition, it engages in the hard minerals business through non-operated joint ventures and royalty arrangements in several coal, trona and industrial mineral mines located on lands within and adjacent to its Land Grant holdings (an eight-million-acre strip running through portions of Colorado, Wyoming and Utah).
ANCPA.OB Anacomp, Inc., together with its consolidated subsidiaries, is a global provider of information management solutions outsourcing services, multi-vendor services (MVS) maintenance support, and imaging and printing solutions. The Company has international subsidiaries in Austria, Belgium, Canada, France, Germany, Italy, the Netherlands, Scandinavia and the United Kingdom. Anacomp provides information management archival and retrieval services based upon the document accessibility, security and archival requirements of the customers' businesses. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Company focused on enhancing the capabilities of the information management offerings and the MVS services.
AMLN Amylin Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery, development and commercialization of drug candidates for the treatment of diabetes, obesity and cardiovascular disease. The Company has two lead drug candidates in late stage development for the treatment of diabetes, SYMLIN (pramlintide acetate) and exenatide. In early 2004, Amylin initiated a Phase II proof of concept study in the United States to evaluate the potential use of AC137 in the treatment of obesity. The Company filed an investigational new drug (IND) for AC162352 in December 2003, and intends to initiate a Phase I study in 2004. Amylin intends to file an IND for AC2592, its drug candidate for the treatment of cardiovascular disease, and initiate a Phase II clinical study in 2004. The Company is evaluating AC3056, a compound designed for the treatment of atherosclerosis-related cardiovascular disease that is in an on-going Phase I program.
AMXC AMX Corporation is engaged in the design, development, marketing and distribution of systems that control a variety of otherwise incompatible electronic devices and integrated systems. The Company simplifies the automation and integration of audio/video, environmental and communications technologies through the combination of a processing platform and intrinsic user interfaces. Due to its architecture and flexibility, AMX's systems provide control solutions for different vertical markets, such as broadcasting, education, entertainment, government, healthcare, hotels, houses of worship, network operations centers, presentation facilities, retail and residential applications, including home theater, home automation and private transportation. The Company's systems provide centralized control for different electronic devices, including video and audio components, teleconferencing devices, lighting equipment, educational media, environmental control systems and security systems.
AVZ AMVESCAP PLC is an independent global investment manager dedicated to helping people worldwide build their financial security. Operating principally through the AIM, INVESCO and Atlantic Trust brands, AMVESCAP provides a full range of domestic, international and global investment products. AMVESCAP has a presence in the institutional and retail segments of the investment management industry in North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific, servicing clients around the world.
ASYS Amtech Systems, Inc. develops, manufactures, markets and services wafer and semiconductor fabrication equipment and related parts, supplies and services on a worldwide basis. The products offered are grouped into two business segments: semiconductor equipment and polishing supplies. The semiconductor equipment segment manufactures and sells horizontal diffusion furnaces, processing/robotic equipment for such diffusion furnaces and related spare parts and consumables used in certain processes of fabricating integrated circuits, or chips, on silicon wafers. In addition, the Company's semiconductor equipment segment provides manufacturing support services. The polishing supplies segment produces and sells carriers and templates that are consumed in the final steps of fabricating silicon wafers (the raw material used in the production of semiconductors), double-sided precision lapping and polishing machines and related spare parts.
AMSG AmSurg Corp. develops, acquires and operates practice-based ambulatory surgery centers in partnership with physician practice groups throughout the United States. An AmSurg surgery center is typically located adjacent to or in close proximity to the specialty medical practice of a physician group partner's office. Each of the surgery centers provides a narrow range of high volume, lower-risk surgical procedures, generally in a single specialty, and has been designed with a cost structure that enables the Company to charge fees that are less than those charged by hospitals and freestanding outpatient surgery centers for similar services performed on an outpatient basis. As of December 31, 2003, AmSurg owned a majority interest in 116 surgery centers in 28 states and the District of Columbia. As of December 31, 2003, the company had 12 centers under development, and had executed letters of intent to acquire or develop eight additional centers.
ASO AmSouth Bancorporation is a financial holding company and bank holding company. The Company offers a range of bank and bank-related services through its principal subsidiary AmSouth Bank and its other subsidiaries. AmSouth has three reportable segments: Consumer Banking, Commercial Banking and Wealth Management. Consumer Banking delivers a range of financial services to individuals and small businesses, including loan products such as residential mortgages, equity lending, credit cards and loans for automobile and other personal financing needs, as well as various products designed to meet the credit needs of small businesses. Commercial Banking meets the requirements of large and middle market corporate customers with an array of credit, treasury management, international and capital markets services. Wealth Management consists of trust, institutional, retirement and broker-dealer services.
AMM AMS Health Sciences, Inc, formerly Advantage Marketing Systems, Inc. (AMS) develops and distributes performance-based nutritional, weight loss and personal care products. The Company distributes its products through a network marketing system using independent distributors referred to as associates. As of December 31, 2003, AMS' primary product lines consisted of 34 nutritional products, eight weight management products and 18 personal care products consisting primarily of skin care products. In addition to these three principal product lines, the Company has developed and sells to associates materials and online tools designed to assist them in building their business and selling products. These sales aids are generally written and produced by AMS and include product audio tapes, compact disc read only memory (CD-ROM), video tapes, brochures and business forms designed by the Company and printed by outside publishers.
AXR AMREP Corporation is primarily engaged in three businesses: real estate, fulfillment services and newsstand distribution. The Company conducts its real estate business through AMREP Southwest, with these activities occurring primarily in Rio Rancho, New Mexico. Kable News Company, Inc. operates AMREP's magazine distribution and fulfillment services segments. Newsstand distribution operations involve the national and international distribution and sale of periodicals and paperbacks to wholesalers and fulfillment services operations involve the performance of subscription and product fulfillment and other related activities on behalf of various publishers and other clients.
AMY AmREIT is a self-managed, self-advised real estate investment trust (REIT) engaged in acquiring and developing retail real estate in the United States. At December 31, 2003, AmREIT owned 51 properties located in 18 states. Its properties include single tenant freestanding credit tenant leased projects and multi-tenant frontage shopping center projects. The Company's focus is on property investments in Texas. Of its 51 properties, 22 are located in Texas, with 16 being located in the greater Houston metropolitan statistical area. AmREIT's business structure includes three synergistic businesses that support its platform of growth: AmREIT Realty Investment Corporation, a real estate operating and development subsidiary; AmREIT Securities Company, a National Association of Securities Dealers-registered broker-dealer subsidiary, and a retail partnership business.
AMR AMR Corporation conducts its business almost entirely in the airline industry through its principal subsidiary, American Airlines, Inc., including TWA LLC (collectively, American). As of December 31, 2003, American provided scheduled jet service to approximately 150 destinations throughout North America, the Caribbean, Latin America, Europe and the Pacific. American is also a scheduled air freight carrier, providing a range of freight and mail services to shippers. In addition, AMR Eagle Holding Corporation, a wholly owned subsidiary of AMR, owns two regional airlines, American Eagle Airlines, Inc. and Executive Airlines, Inc. American also contracts with three independently owned regional airlines, which do business as the American Connection carriers. The American Eagle carriers and the American Connection carriers provide connecting service from eight of American's high-traffic cities to smaller markets throughout the United States, Canada and the Caribbean.
AMPD.OB Amplidyne, Inc. designs, manufactures and sells ultra linear power amplifiers and related subsystems to the worldwide wireless, local loop and satellite uplink telecommunications market. The Company designs and sells multi-carrier transmit amplifiers and low noise receive amplifiers for the cellular communications market, as well as the personal communications system and wireless local loop segments of the wireless communications industry. The Company also provides a number of catalog and custom amplifiers to original equipment manufacturers and to other customers in the communications market in general. In addition, it also sells a line of fixed broadband wireless networking and local area network products for private networks, virtual private networks and Internet access.
APH Amphenol Corporation operates in two business segments, consisting of manufacturing and selling interconnect products and assemblies, and manufacturing and selling cable products. The interconnect products and assemblies segment produces a range of interconnect products and assemblies primarily for voice, video and data communication systems, commercial and military aerospace systems, automotive and mass transportation applications and industrial and factory automation equipment. The cable products segment produces coaxial and flat ribbon cable and related products primarily for communication markets, including cable television. The Company's recognized brand names, including Amphenol, Times Fiber, Tuchel, Socapex, Sine, Spectra-Strip, Pyle-National, Matrix and Kai Jack.
AEXCA.OB Ampex Corporation is an innovator and licensor of visual information technology (IT). It has developed proprietary technology relating to the electronic storage, processing and retrieval of data, particularly images. The Company holds approximately 600 patents and patent applications covering digital image processing, data compression and recording technologies. Ampex has two operating segments: high-performance mass data storage systems, instrumentation recorders and professional video products and licensing of intellectual property. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, Ampex Data Systems Corporation (Data Systems), Ampex incorporates this technology in the design and manufacture of high-performance, tape-based storage products principally for digital recording, archiving and rapid restore/backup applications. Its corporate licensing division licenses its patents to manufacturers of consumer electronics products.
AP Ampco-Pittsburgh Corporation is engaged in two business segments, Forged and Cast Rolls and Air and Liquid Processing. The Forged and Cast Rolls Segment consists of Union Electric Steel Corporation and the Davy Roll Company Limited. The Air and Liquid Processing Segment consists of Aerofin Corporation, Buffalo Air Handling Company and Buffalo Pumps, Inc. In 2003, all of the subsidiaries comprising the Corporation's Plastics Processing Machinery segment were sold.
AMPL Ampal-American Israel Corporation primarily acquires interests in businesses located in the State of Israel or that are Israel-related. The Company's investment portfolio primarily focuses on a broad cross-section of Israeli companies engaged in various market segments, including Energy, Industry, Real Estate and Project Development, Telecommunications and High-Technology. The Company's significant subsidiaries include MIRS Communications Ltd., Am-Hal Ltd., Coral World International Limited, Ampal Development (Israel) Ltd. and Ampal Industries (Israel) Ltd.
AMNT American Residential Investment Trust, Inc. (AmRES) is an externally managed real estate investment trust. AmNet originates residential mortgage loans primarily to prime credit quality borrowers secured by first trust deeds referred through a network of independent mortgage brokers. A significant portion of the Company's business is concentrated in California (30.0% of loans originated in 2003). AmNet sells the loans that it originates to institutional purchasers, on a servicing-released basis usually within 30 days of loan origination. In late 2001, AmRES formed American Mortgage Network, Inc. (AmNet), a wholly owned subsidiary, to engage in mortgage banking activities. AmNet opened its first branch office in October 2001, and had 22 branch locations during the year ended December 31, 2003.
AHS AMN Healthcare Services, Inc. is a temporary healthcare staffing company and a provider of travel nurse staffing services. The Company recruits nurses and allied health professionals in the United States and overseas, and places them on temporary assignments of variable lengths at acute care hospitals and healthcare facilities throughout the United States. AMN is working with a pre-screened pool of prospective temporary healthcare professionals, of whom, an average of over 6,300 were on assignment, during the year ended December 31, 2003. The Company attracts temporary healthcare professionals under its seven separate recruitment brands: American Mobile Healthcare, Medical Express, NursesRx, Preferred Healthcare Staffing, HRMC, Thera Tech Staffing and O'Grady-Peyton International. To its hospital and healthcare facility clients, the Company markets and provides its services under the corporate brand of AMN Healthcare.
AML AMLI Residential Properties Trust is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT) engaged in the management, acquisition, development and co-investment of upscale multi-family apartment communities in eight metropolitan markets in the southeast, southwest, midwest and mountain regions of the United States. As of December 31, 2003, AMLI owned interests in 76 multi-family apartment communities (the Communities), consisting of 29,224 apartment homes. Seventy-one of these Communities containing 27,407 apartment homes were stabilized and five communities containing 1,817 apartment homes were under development or in lease-up at that date. The average age of AMLI's stabilized Communities was 7.6 years. In addition, AMLI owns land for the future development of additional communities. AMLI's customer is the more upscale "renter by choice," as distinguished from a "renter by necessity."
AMLJ.OB AML Communications, Inc. designs, manufactures and markets radio frequency (RF) and microwave, power and low-noise amplifiers for a variety of frequency ranges and transmission protocols serving the defense microwave and wireless communications markets. The Company's defense industry products are used in communications equipment integrated into electronic systems for tactical aircraft, ships, ground systems and missile systems. Its wireless products consist of an array of low-noise and power amplifiers serving the wireless, personal communications system (PCS) and two-way messaging market, as well as cellular coverage enhancement amplifiers. AML sells its products to wireless and defense original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) worldwide, including Raytheon, Boeing, Lockheed Sanders, Rockwell, ITT and L3-Communications. In July 2004, the Company acquired Microwave Power, Inc., a privately held corporation that designs, manufactures and markets high-power microwave amplifiers.
AMKR Amkor Technology, Inc. is a subcontractor of semiconductor packaging and test services. The Company provides customers with an array of packaging alternatives, including traditional leadframe, advanced leadframe and laminate packages, in both wirebond and flip chip formats. It produces more than 1,000 package type. Amkor is also an assembler of complementary metal oxide silicon image sensor devices used in digital cameras and cellular telephones and micro-electromechanical system devices used in a variety of end markets, including automotive, industrial and personal entertainment. In addition, the Company offers a line of services to test digital, logic, analog and mixed signal semiconductor devices. The semiconductors that the Company packages and tests for its customers ultimately become components in electronic systems used in communications, computing, consumer, industrial, automotive and military applications.
AMTA Amistar Corporation, incorporated 1971, provides industrial automation solutions for manufacturers and contract manufacturing services to companies that outsource the manufacturing of their electronic products. The Company designs, develops, manufactures, distributes, markets and services a variety of automated equipment used to assemble electronic components and product identification media to printed circuit boards and other assemblies. Amistar also provides design and manufacturing resources to create customized factory automation equipment according to customer's specification in a range of industries. Its operations include two business segments: the Amistar Industrial Automation (AIA), which encompasses the design, manufacture and distribution of assembly machines, related accessories, other specialty equipment and products, and the Amistar Manufacturing Services (AMS), which provides contract manufacturing services.
AMIS AMIS Holdings, Inc. is a designer and manufacturer of customer specific integrated analog mixed-signal semiconductor products. The Company focuses on the automotive, medical and industrial markets. It focuses on developing its integrated mixed-signal semiconductor products based on customers' specifications and requirements incorporating their intellectual property. The Company works closely with each customer to integrate their industry-specific intellectual property into a custom semiconductor product that they use to differentiate their products in the marketplace. It adds value to its customers' products by providing mixed-signal design expertise, an analog and mixed-signal intellectual property portfolio and systems-level design expertise. AMIS Holding is a holding company and conducts all its business operations through, AMI Semiconductor, Inc., its wholly owned subsidiary and its subsidiaries.
AMGN Amgen Inc. is a global biotechnology company that discovers, develops, manufactures and markets human therapeutics based on advances in cellular and molecular biology. The Company markets human therapeutic products in the areas of hematology, oncology and inflammation. The products include EPOGEN (Epoetin alfa), Aranesp (darbepoetin alfa), Neulasta (pegfilgrastim), NEUPOGEN (Filgrastim) and ENBREL (etanercept), which is marketed under a co-promotion agreement with Wyeth. Other products include Kineret (anakinra) and Stemgen (Ancestim). It maintains a sales and marketing force in the United States, Europe, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. In addition, Amgen has entered into licensing and/or co-promotion agreements to market certain of its products, including Aranesp, Neulasta, NEUPOGEN and ENBREL, in certain geographic areas outside of the United States.
AME Ametek, Inc. is a global manufacturer of electronic instruments and electric motors with operations in North America, Europe, Asia and South America. The Company markets its products worldwide through two operating groups: the Electronic Instruments Group (EIG) and the Electromechanical Group (EMG). EIG builds technologically advanced monitoring, testing and calibration instruments and display devices for the process, aerospace, industrial and power markets. EMG produces air-moving electric motors for vacuum cleaners and other floor care products, and manufactures brushless air-moving motors for aerospace, mass-transit, medical and office product markets. EMG also makes specialty metals for automotive, consumer, electronics, telecommunications and other markets, and offers switches for motive and stationary power systems.
AMH AmerUs Group Co. is a holding company whose subsidiaries are primarily engaged in the business of marketing, underwriting and distributing individual life, annuity and insurance deposit products to individuals and businesses in all 50 states, the District of Columbia and the United States Virgin Islands. The Company has two operating segments, protection products and accumulation products. The primary offerings of the protection products segment are interest-sensitive whole life, term life, universal life and equity-indexed life insurance policies. The primary offerings of the accumulation products segment are individual fixed annuities (consisting of traditional fixed annuities and equity-indexed annuities) and funding agreements. The Company has four main direct subsidiaries: AmerUs Life Insurance Company, AmerUs Annuity Group Co., AmerUs Capital Management Group, Inc. and ILICO Holdings, Inc.
AMN Ameron International Corporation is a manufacturer of highly engineered products and materials for various markets. The Company produces water transmission lines, coatings and finishes, fiberglass-composite pipe, chemicals and corrosive fluids and specialized materials and products. Ameron has four segments: Performance Coatings and Finishes Group, Fiberglass-Composite Pipe Group, Water Transmission Group and Infrastructure Products Group. The Performance Coatings and Finishes Group makes industrial and marine coatings, while the Fiberglass-Composite Pipe Group manufactures filament-wound and molded composite fiberglass pipe, tubing, fittings and well screens. The Water Transmission Group manufactures concrete and steel pressure pipe, concrete non-pressure pipe, protective linings for pipe and fabricated steel products. The Infrastructure Products Group manufactures ready-mix concrete, sand and aggregates, concrete pipe and culverts and concrete and steel lighting and traffic poles.
AMV AmeriVest Properties Inc. operates as a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust. It primarily invests in and operates commercial office buildings in selective markets and leases the commercial office buildings to small and medium size tenants. At December 31, 2003, the Company owned and operated, through its wholly owned subsidiaries Greenhill Park in Addison, Texas; Scottsdale Norte in Scottsdale, Arizona; Financial Plaza in Mesa, Arizona; Southwest Gas Building in Phoenix, Arizona; Chateau Plaza in Dallas, Texas; Centerra in Denver, Colorado; Parkway Centre II in Plano, Texas; Kellogg Building in Littleton, Colorado; Arrowhead Fountains in Peoria, Arizona; AmeriVest Plaza at Inverness in Englewood, Colorado; Sheridan Center in Denver, Colorado; Keystone Office Park in Indianapolis, Indiana; Panorama Falls in Englewood, Colorado; four Texas Bank Buildings in Texas, and 13 Texas State Buildings in Texas.
AMTY.OB Amerityre Corporation takes advantage of certain proprietary and non-proprietary technology available for the manufacturing of Flatfree tires from polyurethane. Since inception, the Company has developed additional proprietary technology relating to Flatfree tires so that it has completed the fundamental technical development of the processes to manufacture non-highway-use Flatfree tires for bicycles, wheelchairs, lawn and garden products, commercial and riding lawnmowers, as well as golf cars (the Products).
AMTC Ameritrans Capital Corporation is a specialty finance company that, through its subsidiary, Elk Associates Funding Corporation, makes loans to taxi owners to finance the acquisition and operation of the medallion taxi businesses and related assets. It also makes loans to other small businesses in the New York City, Chicago, Miami and Boston markets. From inception through April 2002, the Company's only activities have been the operation of Elk. In May 2002, Ameritrans made its first loans to businesses. Both Ameritrans and Elk are registered as business development companies under the Investment Company Act of 1940. As on June 30, 2004, loans made to finance the purchase or continued ownership of taxi medallions, taxis and related assets represented approximately 72% of Elk's loan portfolio.
AMTD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (AHC) is a provider of securities brokerage services and technology-based financial services to retail investors and business partners, predominantly through the Internet. The Company offers electronic brokerage services, such as touch-tone trading; trading over the Internet; unlimited, streaming, free real-time quotes; extended trading hours; direct access, and commitment on the speed of execution. Since initiating online trading, AHC has substantially increased its number of brokerage accounts, average daily trading volume and total assets in client accounts. The Company's customers include independent, value-conscious retail investors, traders, financial planners and institutions. The Company uses low-cost platform to offer brokerage services to retail investors and institutions under a commission structure that is generally lower and simpler.
ASCA Ameristar Casinos, Inc. develops, owns and operates casinos and related hotel, food and beverage, entertainment and other facilities. The Company's properties in operation are Missouri, Iowa, Mississippi and Nevada. Its portfolio of casinos consists of Ameristar St. Charles that serves greater St. Louis, Missouri; Ameristar Kansas City that serves the Kansas City, Missouri, metropolitan area; Ameristar Council Bluffs that serves Omaha, Nebraska, and southwestern Iowa; Ameristar Vicksburg that serves Jackson, Mississippi and Monroe, Louisiana, and Cactus Petes and the Horseshu in Jackpot, Nevada that serves Idaho and the Pacific Northwest. The properties offer restaurants ranging from casual to upscale from which customers can choose from entertainment options ranging from cabaret lounges, sports bars, outdoor amphitheaters and multi-purpose entertainment pavilions.
ABC AmerisourceBergen Corporation is a pharmaceutical services company in the United States, which serves both pharmaceutical manufacturers and healthcare providers in the pharmaceutical supply channel. The Company provides drug distribution and related services designed to reduce costs and improve patient outcomes. The Company distributes a line of brand name and generic pharmaceuticals, over-the-counter (OTC) healthcare products and home healthcare supplies and equipment to a wide variety of healthcare providers located throughout the United States, including acute care hospitals and health systems, independent and chain retail pharmacies, mail-order facilities, physicians, clinics and other alternate site facilities, as well as skilled nursing and assisted living centers. It also provides pharmaceuticals and pharmacy services to long-term care, workers' compensation and specialty drug patients.
ASRV AmeriServ Financial, Inc. serves as the holding company for AmeriServ Financial Bank (the Bank), AmeriServ Life Insurance Company, AmeriServ Trust and Financial Services Company and AmeriServ Associates, Inc. The Company's principal activities consist of owning and operating its four wholly owned subsidiary entities. The Bank conducts a general banking business through 23 locations in Allegheny, Cambria, Centre, Dauphin, Somerset, and Westmoreland Counties, Pennsylvania. AmeriServ Trust and Financial Services Company is a trust company that offers a range of trust and financial services and has $1.1 billion in assets under management. AmeriServ Life is a captive insurance company that engages in underwriting as a reinsurer of credit life and disability insurance. AmeriServ Associates is a registered investment advisory firm that provides investment portfolio and asset/liability management services to small and mid-sized financial institutions.
AGP AMERIGROUP Corporation is a multi-state managed health care company focused on serving people who receive health care benefits through publicly sponsored programs, including Medicaid, State Children's Health Insurance Program (SCHIP) and FamilyCare. The Company also offers disease and medical management programs in areas, such as neonatal, high-risk pregnancy, asthma and other respiratory conditions, congestive heart failure, sickle cell disease, diabetes and Human Immunodeficiency Virus. An important aspect of AMERIGROUP's approach to health care delivery is its marketing and educational programs, which it administers system-wide for its providers and members. As of December 31, 2003, AMERIGROUP provided an array of products to approximately 857,000 members in Texas, Florida, Maryland, New Jersey, the District of Columbia and Illinois. In January 2005, the Company acquired CarePlus Health Plan, a Medicaid managed care organization.
ARGN Amerigon Incorporated designs, develops and markets high-technology electronic systems for sale to automobile and truck original equipment manufacturers (OEMs). During the year ended December 31,2003, Amerigon completed its fourth full-year of producing and selling its Climate Control Seat (CCS) product, which provides both active heating and cooling to seat occupants. Since commercial production, it has shipped more than 870,000 units of the CCS product to seven customers, Johnson Controls, Inc. (JCI), Lear Corporation (Lear), Bridgewater Interiors, LLC (Bridgewater), NHK Spring Company, Ltd (NHK), Marubeni Vehicle Corporation (Marubeni), Intier Automotive (Intier) and Hyundai Motor Company (Hyundai). In 2003, the Company launched a newly designed version of its CCS that incorporates its new Micro Thermal Module (MTM) technology. This new generation CCS system, which is based on the Company's thermoelectric device (TED) technology, is smaller, lighter, quieter than its predecessor.
APU AmeriGas Partners, L.P. is a retail propane distributor in the United States. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Company served approximately 1.3 million residential, commercial, industrial, agricultural and motor fuel customers from approximately 650 district locations in 46 states. The Company conducts its business principally through its subsidiary, AmeriGas Propane, L.P. (AmeriGas OLP) and its subsidiary, AmeriGas Eagle Propane, L.P. (Eagle OLP and, together with AmeriGas OLP, the Operating Partnership). The primary customers for propane are residential, commercial, agricultural, motor fuel and industrial users to whom natural gas is not readily available.
ACF AmeriCredit Corp. is a consumer finance company specializing in purchasing retail automobile installment sales contracts originated by franchised and select independent dealers in connection with the sale of used and new automobiles. The Company generates revenue and cash flows primarily through the purchase, retention, subsequent securitization and servicing of finance receivables. To fund the acquisition of receivables prior to securitization, AmeriCredit uses borrowings under its warehouse credit facilities. The Company earns finance charge income on the finance receivables and pays interest expense on borrowings under its warehouse credit facilities.
CRMT America's Car-Mart, Inc. is an automotive retailer in the United States focused on the Buy Here/Pay Here segment of the used car market. The Company's operations are conducted through its two operating subsidiaries, America's Car-Mart, Inc. and Colonial Auto Finance, Inc., collectively referred to as Car-Mart. America's Car-Mart sells older model used vehicles and provides financing for substantially all of its customers. Many of the Company's customers have limited financial resources and would not qualify for conventional financing as a result of limited credit histories or past credit problems. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), it operated 70 stores located in small cities throughout the South-Central United States.
AWBC AmericanWest Bancorporation (AWBC) is a bank holding company that merged its five affiliated banks: United Security Bank, Home Security Bank, Bank of Pullman, Grant National Bank, and AmericanWest Bank, to form AmericanWest Bank (AWB) in 2001. The Company's net income is derived primarily from net interest income of AWB, which is the difference between interest earned on its loan and investment portfolios and its cost of funds, primarily interest paid on deposits and borrowings. As of December 31, 2003, AWBC had total assets of $1,023.6 million, net loans of $863.7 million, deposits of $871.1 million and stockholders' equity of $96.2 million.
APBI.OB Americana Publishing, Inc. is a multimedia publishing company that publishes and sells audio books, print books and electronic books in a variety of genres, including mystery, western, business development, personal development, spiritual and children's publications. Approximately 87% of the Company's sales come from the placement of its products in truck stops. Americana's products are also sold to bookstores and libraries, primarily through telemarketing, and to businesses and consumers through the Company's Website. Prior to the Company's entry into the truck stop market, approximately 95% of its sales were generated by telemarketing and approximately 5% of its sales were generated via its Website.
AMWD American Woodmark Corporation manufactures and distributes kitchen cabinets and vanities for the remodeling and new home construction markets. The Company offers framed stock cabinets in approximately 230 different cabinet lines, ranging in price from relatively inexpensive to medium-priced styles. Styles vary by design and color from natural wood finishes to low-pressure laminate surfaces. The product offering of stock cabinets includes approximately 80 door designs in nine colors. Stock cabinets consist of a common box with standard interior components and an oak, cherry, maple or hickory front frame. Products are sold under the brand names of American Woodmark, Timberlake and Shenandoah Cabinetry.
AMW American Water Star, Inc. (AMWS) is engaged in the beverage bottling industry. The Company's product brands are both licensed and developed in-house, and bottled in strategic locations throughout the United States. Its beverage products are sold by the truckload, principally to distributors that sell to retail stores, corner grocery stores, convenience stores, schools and other outlets. As of December 2003, the Company's product line included four branded beverages: Geyser Fruit, Geyser Sport, Geyser Fruta and Hawaiian Tropic. AMWS offers Geyser Sport in eight different fruit flavored waters: Cherry, Peach, Wildberry, Cranberry Raspberry, Strawberry Kiwi, Kiwi Watermelon, Cherry Lime and Lemonade. Under the Geyser Fruta label, the Company offers Mango, Jamaica, Tamarindo and Kiwi Melon. Its Hawaiian Tropic products feature sugar-free, no carbohydrate, caffeine-free, sodium-free tropical drinks in the following flavors: Strawberry Kiwi, Lemon Lime, Orange Guava and Pineapple Grapefruit.
BETMQ.OB American Wagering, Inc. is a holding Company for Leroy's Horse and Sports Place (Leroy's). Leroy's operates a statewide network of sports and race wagering facilities in 49 casinos. The Company conducts its operations through two primary business segments: Wagering Unit and Systems Unit. Its Wagering Unit operates 49 race and sports books throughout Nevada. Its Systems Unit designs, markets, installs and maintains sports and race book systems for the sports betting industry and leases self service wagering terminals. In July 2003, AWI and Leroy's filed voluntary petitions for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code, in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of Nevada, Northern Division. In September 2003, AWI dissolved its subsidiary, AWI Sports Systems, Inc., and in January 2004, the Company dissolved Secured Telephone Operating Platform, LLC.
AVCS American Vantage Companies is an end-to-end interactive solutions provider, specializing in the creation and provision of advertiser-driven interactive games and marketing solutions, following the completion of its acquisition of YaYa, LLC on April 16, 2003 through its newly formed subsidiary YaYa Media, Inc. In addition to advertising applications, YaYa, LLC creates Internet games for its clients to be utilized in employee-training programs and for internal communications solutions. YaYa Media revenues are generated from relatively few contracts with primarily Fortune 1000 companies. YaYa Media provides the strategic advisory services, solution ideation, creative development and project management of YaYa Media-developed interactive games production. YaYa Media also provides the planning and management of follow-on technology support. Prior to April 16, 2003, American Vantage was substantially inactive.
AVD American Vanguard Corporation operates as a holding company. The Company's business is aggregated in one segment and is conducted through the subsidiaries, such as AMVAC Chemical Corporation (AMVAC), GemChem, Inc. (GemChem), 2110 Davie Corporation (DAVIE), AMVAC Chemical UK Ltd. (Chemical UK), Quimica Amvac de Mexico S.A. de C.V. (Quimica Amvac) and Environmental Mediation, Inc. AMVAC is a specialty chemical manufacturer that develops and markets products for agricultural and commercial uses. It manufactures and formulates chemicals for crops, human and animal health protection. These chemicals include insecticides, fungicides, molluscicides, growth regulators and soil fumigants are marketed in liquid, powder and granular forms. The subsidiary manufactures, distributes and formulates its own products or custom manufactures or formulates for others. In January 2004, it entered into an agreement with Syngenta Crop Protection to supply Force 3G for use through AMVAC's SmartBox system.
AMT American Tower Corporation is a wireless and broadcast communications infrastructure company with a portfolio of approximately 15,000 towers, as of December 31, 2003. Its primary business is leasing antenna space on multi-tenant communications towers to wireless service providers and radio and television broadcast companies. The Company's broad network of towers enables it to address the needs of wireless service providers on a national basis. It also offers select tower related services, such as antennae and line installation and site acquisition and zoning services, which are strategic to its core leasing business. The Company operates in two business segments, rental and management and network development services. In November 2004, the Company sold its tower construction services unit.
ATCO American Technology Corporation (ATCO) is engaged in the sound reproduction technologies and products. The Company products based includes HyperSonic Sound (HSS), Long Range Acoustic Device (LRAD), NeoPlanar and SoundCluster. The HSS technology is a new method of sound reproduction that creates sound in the air. Sound is generated along an air column using ultrasonic frequencies, those above the normal range of hearing. The LRAD technology produces variable intensity acoustical sound intended for use in long-range delivery of directional sound information, effectively a supercharged megaphone. LRAD products are used as directed long-range hailing and warning systems by both government and commercial customers. The NeoPlanar technology is a thin film magnetic speaker that produces sound of high quality, low distortion and high volume. SoundCluster technology is a new multi-element speaker cluster optimized for even sound coverage over large areas.
ATEG.OB American Technologies Group Inc. (ATG) is engaged in the development, commercialization and sale of products and systems using its technologies. The Company concentrates its technology discovery and development processes in two core technology areas: catalyst technology, and water purification. The products resulting from development of the catalyst technology are intended to offer cost-effective solutions to reduce, and in some cases eliminate, hazardous chemical by-products or emissions resulting from industrial and combustion processes. Additionally, many commercial products may be improved and enhanced through the use of the Company's proprietary catalyst technology including detergents and cosmetics. The water purification technology is being developed into a consumer distiller.
AMK American Technical Ceramics Corp. designs, develops, manufactures and markets radio frequency (RF)/microwave/millimeter-wave ceramic capacitors, thin-film products and other passive components. The Company's products are focused primarily in the high-reliability market for ultra-high-frequency (UHF) and microwave applications, including wireless electronics, medical electronics, semiconductor equipment, satellite equipment and fiber optics. Capacitors function within electronic circuits by storing and discharging precise amounts of electrical power. The Company is a manufacturer of multi-layer capacitors (MLCs) for UHF and microwave applications. Thin-film products are ceramic substrates on which circuit patterns are printed by means of thin-film processes, and are used by customers as building blocks in electronic circuits.
AMSC American Superconductor Corporation is an electricity solutions company that develops solutions and manufactures products to improve the cost, efficiency and reliability of systems that generate, deliver and use electric power. The Company conducts its operations through three business units: AMSC Wires, a developer and manufacturer of high-temperature superconductor (HTS) wire; SuperMachines, a designer and manufacturer of rotating machines based on the HTS wire, including electric motors, generators and synchronous condensers, and Power Electronic Systems, a designer and manufacturer of power electronic converters and integrated power electronic systems that increase power grid reliability and throughput and ensure quality power for industrial manufacturing operations.
AMST.OB American Stone Industries, Inc. (ASI), incorporated in November 1992, is a holding company that conducts its business through its wholly owned subsidiary, American Stone Corporation (ASC). The Company quarries and sells stone for use in the building construction industry. The Company produces two types of natural stone: dimensional stone, which is natural stone that is cut to size as specified in architectural designs and is primarily used as architectural accents to buildings, although dimensional stone is also used for funeral monuments, landscape and ornamental objects, and construction stone, which is natural stone primarily used for road base, back fill and erosion control. After the acquisition of the operating assets of Cleveland Quarries, L.P., ASI began operating the 145-year old quarry situated near Amherst, Ohio known as the Cleveland Sandstone Quarries (Cleveland Quarries).
AWR American States Water Company (AWR) is engaged in the business of holding, for investment, the stock primarily of utility companies. AWR's principal investment is the stock of Southern California Water Company (SCW), a public utility company engaged principally in the purchase, production, distribution and sale of water. SCW also distributes electricity in one customer service area. SCW is organized into one electric customer service area and three water service regions operating within 75 communities in 10 counties in California, and provides water service in 21 customer service areas. AWR also owns two other subsidiaries. American States Utility Services, Inc. performs nonregulated, water related services and operations on a contract basis. Chaparral City Water Company is a public utility company serving the town of Fountain Hills, Arizona, and a portion of the City of Scottsdale, Arizona.
ASD American Standard Companies Inc. is a global, diversified manufacturer of brand-name products that operates in three business segments: Air Conditioning Systems and Services, Bath and Kitchen and Vehicle Control Systems. Air Conditioning Systems and Services designs and produces commercial and residential air conditioning systems and equipment for both domestic and export sales. It also provides control systems, aftermarket service and parts for its products and performance contracting for the installation and maintenance of heating, ventilation and air conditioning systems. The Bath and Kitchen segment designs and produces bathroom and kitchen fixtures and fittings on a global basis. Its products are marketed through retail and wholesale sales channels for residential and commercial markets. Vehicle Control Systems designs and manufactures braking and control systems for the worldwide commercial vehicle industry.
AQQ American Spectrum Realty, Inc. (ASR) is a real estate corporation that owns, manages and operates income-producing properties. As of December 31, 2003, through its majority owned subsidiary, the Operating Partnership, ASR owned and operated 26 properties, which consisted of 17 office buildings, five industrial properties, two shopping centers, one apartment complex and one parcel of undeveloped land. During the year ended December 31, 2003, ASR sold 11 properties, which consisted of two apartment complexes, two office buildings, six industrial properties and one shopping center, and acquired four office buildings in Houston, Texas. ASR focuses primarily on office and industrial properties located in Texas, California and Arizona.
SOYL.OB American Soil Technologies, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets technology that decreases the need for water in dry land farming, irrigated farming and other plant-growing environments while increasing crop yield and reducing the environmental damage caused by common farming practices. In addition, the Company holds exclusive rights to a soil washing technology that removes hydrocarbon (petroleum) products from contaminated soil and recycles the soil for commercial use. American Soil Technologies manufactures two primary products: Agriblend, a soil amendment developed for agriculture, and Nutrimoist, developed for homes, parks, golf courses and other turf-related applications.
AMSWA American Software, Inc. develops, markets and supports a portfolio of software and services that deliver enterprise management and collaborative supply chain solutions to the global marketplace. The Company provides its software solutions through three business segments: Collaborative Supply Chain Management segment consists of Logility, Inc., an 86%-owned subsidiary, which provides supply chain solutions to streamline and optimize the production, distribution and management of products between trading partners; Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) segment consists of an ERP that provides purchasing and materials management, customer order processing, financial, e-commerce, flow manufacturing and traditional manufacturing solutions, and New Generation Computing provides software to retailers/manufacturers in the apparel, sewn products and furniture industries, and Information Technology (IT) Consulting segment consists of The Proven Method, an IT staffing and consulting services firm.
AESK.OB American Skiing Company is a holding company, operating through various wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company develops, owns, and operates a range of hospitality-related businesses, including skier development programs, hotels, golf courses, restaurants, and retail locations. It also develops, markets, and operates ski-in/ski-out alpine villages, townhouses, condominiums, and quarter and eighth share ownership hotels. The Company manages its operations in two business segments, resort operations and real estate operations.
AMS American Shared Hospital Services (ASHS) provides Gamma Knife stereotactic radiosurgery services to 17 medical centers in 15 states. The Company's subsidiaries are GK Financing, LLC, (GKF), GKV Investments, Inc. and Elekta AG, a Swedish company (Elekta). Elekta is the manufacturer of the Leksell Gamma Knife (the Gamma Knife). GKF is a non-exclusive provider of alternative financing services for Elekta. Gamma Knife services accounted for 100% of the Company's revenue in 2003. ASHS is developing its business model for The Operating Room for the 21st Century (OR21).
ASEI American Science and Engineering, Inc. (AS&amp;E) develops, manufactures, markets, sells and provides maintenance and warranty services, as well as research, engineering and training services with respect to x-ray inspection and other inspection solutions. Its x-ray inspection products are used for critical detection and security applications by seaport and border authorities, federal facilities, military bases, airports and corporations in the United States and around the globe. These security applications include x-ray inspection and screening systems for combating terrorism, drug and weapon smuggling, trade fraud and illegal immigration. The Company's patented Z Backscatter and Shaped Energy technologies detect plastic explosives, plastic weapons, illegal drugs and other contraband, even when concealed in complex backgrounds by terrorists and smugglers.
ASI American Safety Insurance Holdings, Ltd. is a specialty insurance holding company, which, through its subsidiaries, develops, underwrites, manages and markets property and casualty insurance and reinsurance to targeted niche markets for environmental remediation, contracting and other specialty risks. ASI provides its specialty insurance coverages and services in all 50 states through approximately 205 independent insurance brokers and agencies. The Company also provides specialized insurance program development, underwriting, reinsurance, program management, brokerage, loss control, claims administration and marketing services through its subsidiary, American Safety Insurance Services, Inc. ASI also has an investment in a real estate known as Harbour Village Golf and Yacht Club, which is comprised of 173 acres of property in Ponce Inlet, Florida that was acquired in foreclosure in April 1999.
AMRB American River Bankshares, formerly American River Holdings, is a community oriented bank holding company with three active wholly owned subsidiaries: American River Bank, First Source Capital and North Coast Bank. These subsidiaries provide a range of financial products and services to small and middle-market businesses and individuals in the communities of Sacramento, Placer, Yolo, El Dorado, Sonoma, Napa, Marin and Mendocino counties in California. The Company also owns 100% of an inactive subsidiary, American River Financial. American River Financial has been inactive since its formation. In December 2004, the Company and Bank of Amador jointly signed a definitive merger agreement whereby American River Bankshares will acquire Jackson, California-based Bank of Amador by merging Bank of Amador with and into American River Bank, wholly owned subsidiary of American River Bankshares.
ACR American Retirement Corporation is a senior living and healthcare services provider offering a range of care and services to seniors, including independent living, assisted living, skilled nursing and therapy services in the United States. The array of senior living and health care services at its communities include independent living, assisted living and memory enhanced services (with special programs and living units for residents with Alzheimer's and other forms of dementia), skilled nursing services and therapy services. By offering a variety of services and involving the active participation of the resident, resident's family and medical consultants, the Company is able to customize its service plans to meet the specific needs and desires of each resident. It operates in three distinct business segments: Retirement Centers, Freestanding assisted living communities (ALs) and Management Services.
ARL American Realty Investors, Inc. (ARI) invests in equity interests in real estate (including equity securities of real estate-related entities), leases, joint venture development projects and partnerships and, to a lesser extent, financing real estate and real estate activities through investments in mortgage loans, including first, wraparound and junior mortgage loans. The Company invests in commercial real estate through the ownership, management, development and acquisition of apartments, commercial properties, hotels and land. ARI has six operating segments: apartments, commercial properties, hotels, land ownership, quick-service restaurants and notes receivables. Prime Income Asset Management, LLC, a contractual advisor under the supervision of the Company's board of directors, performs the day-to-day operations of the Company.
ACP American Real Estate Partners, L.P. (AREP) and its consolidated subsidiaries are engaged in, rental real estate operations; hotel, casino and resort operations; land, house and condominium development; participation in and management of oil and gas properties, and investment in securities, including investment in equity and debt securities. As of March 1, 2004, AREP owned 121 separate real estate assets primarily consisting of fee and leasehold interests in 28 states. The properties owned by AREP have been primarily office, retail, industrial, residential and hotel properties. In total, the Company is marketing for sale properties with a book value aggregating approximately $340 million, which are individually encumbered by mortgage debt that, in the aggregate, totals approximately $180 million.
APCC American Power Conversion Corporation designs, develops, manufactures and markets power protection and management solutions for computer, communications and electronic applications worldwide. The Company's products include uninterruptible power supply products; electrical surge protection devices (surge suppressors); power conditioning products; DC (direct current)-power systems; cooling equipment; power management software and tools; racks and enclosures; services, and various desktop and notebook personal computer (PC) and mobile accessories. These products are primarily used with sensitive electronic devices that rely on electric utility power, including home electronics, PCs, computer workstations, servers, networking equipment, communications equipment, internetworking equipment, data centers, mainframe computers and facilities.
AMPH American Physicians Service Group, Inc. provides services that include brokerage and investment services to individuals and institutions and management and agency services to malpractice insurance companies through its subsidiaries, APS Financial Corporation and APS Asset Management, Inc. The Company also provides insurance services through APS Insurance Services, Inc. and consulting services through APS Consulting. Revenues from these two subsidiaries were 64% and 59% of the Company's total revenues as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively. Revenues from the APS Facilities Management, Inc. contributed 36% and 41% of its total revenues as of December 31, 2003 and 2002, respectively. American Physicians Service ceased consolidation of APS Consulting financial statements in November 2003.
ACAP American Physicians Capital, Inc. (APCapital) is an insurance holding company that writes medical professional liability insurance through its subsidiary American Physicians Assurance Corporation (American Physicians). The Company also provides health coverage through American Physicians, workers compensation insurance through the Insurance Corporation of America subsidiary and excess and surplus lines through the APSpecialty Insurance Corporation subsidiary. Medical professional liability insurances accounted for 76.4% of total premiums written for the year ended December 31, 2003. Workers' compensation insurance accounted for 14.6% of total premiums written in 2003. Health compensations accounted for 9%, while Personal and commercial insurances accounted nothing of total premiums written for the year 2003.
APPX American Pharmaceutical Partners, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company that develops, manufactures and markets injectable pharmaceutical products. The Company manufactures products in each of the three basic forms, in which injectable products are sold, including liquid, powder and lyophilized or freeze-dried. Its products are generally used in hospitals, long-term care facilities, alternate care sites and clinics within North America. American Pharmaceutical has over 50 product candidates under development across its oncology, anti-infective and critical care product categories. The Company has licensed ABRAXANE, formerly ABI-007, a formulation of paclitaxel, from American BioScience, Inc. Paclitaxel is the active ingredient in Taxol, a cancer drug marketed by Bristol-Myers.
AAPH.OB American Petro-Hunter Inc., which had focused on developing and commercializing a dental color analyzer, is investigating new business opportunities and intends to develop future plans. American's efforts are directed towards research, development and business plans for manufacturing and marketing a dental color analyzer. American developed preliminary business plans to proceed with manufacture and sale of the units, but was delayed in proceeding pending the completion of this research and development, as well as by the action brought against the Company by AEI Trucolor Inc. (Trucolor). As a result of settlement of the Trucolor action, Trucolor became the owner of the dental color analyzer.
APFC American Pacific Corporation produces ammonium perchlorate (AP), a specialty chemical used as an oxidizing agent in composite solid propellants for rockets, booster motors and missiles. The Company also produces a number of other grades of AP, and different types and grades of sodium and potassium perchlorates. In addition, it supplies sodium azide used primarily in the inflation of automotive airbags, in the production of certain tetrazoles and in certain pharmaceutical applications; Halotron products used to extinguish fires, and water treatment equipment used to disinfect effluents from sewage treatment and industrial facilities and for the treatment of seawater. As of September 30, 2003, American Pacific owned approximately 14 remaining acres of improved undeveloped land in an industrial park in the Las Vegas, Nevada, area. It also holds a 50% interest in a joint venture entity that developed a master planned residential community in the same area.
AMPB American Pacific Bank (Bank) provides banking services to Salem and Portland area businesses, individuals and professionals. In addition, the Bank provides a full-service real estate lending operation in Portland, Oregon, as well as a nationwide credit card program. The Bank offers a range of banking services, from traditional services to services designed to focus on certain customer populations. The Bank's loan services include short and medium-term commercial loans, commercial credit lines, construction and real estate loans with emphasis on pre-sold residential construction and long-term financing, permanent mortgages, personal loans, and secured and unsecured credit cards. The Bank introduced full Internet banking services, including bill payment services in September 2000, through its online delivery channel called American Online pacific Bank (www.apbank.com) and in March 2001, the Bank opened its eastside branch in Wood Village, Oregon, inside a Wal-Mart store.
AOBO.OB American Oriental Bioengineering, Inc., through its subsidiary, Harbin Bioengineering, is engaged in the development and production of bioengineered products and traditional Chinese medicinal products in China. Since its establishment, Harbin Bioengineering has focused on new product research that combines modern biotechnology and traditional Chinese medical technology and has developed a series of biotech products marketed in China. The Company owns a bio-pharmaceuticals manufacturing facility; a bio-food processing factory; a soybean-protein peptide product manufacturing plant acquired during the year ended December 31, 2003 and a biotech research institute. It has six regional sales representatives managing 31 representative officers with 68 distributors and around 1,000 distribution outlets over the whole of China.
AOGI.OB American Oil &amp; Gas, Inc. is an independent oil and gas exploration and production company, engaged in the exploration, development and acquisition of crude oil and natural gas reserves and production in the western United States. During 2003, the Company acquired undeveloped oil and gas prospects and participated in initial drilling operations in certain of its projects in Montana and Wyoming. Prior to these acquisitions, it had no operations for some time.
ANAT American National Insurance Company (American National) offers a broad line of products and services, which includes life insurance, annuities, health insurance, personal lines property and casualty insurance, credit insurance, pension plan services and mutual funds. American National's major insurance subsidiaries include American National Life Insurance Company of Texas, Standard Life and Accident Insurance Company, Garden State Life Insurance Company, American National Property and Casualty Company, American National de Mexico, Compania de Seguros de Vida, S.A. de C.V., Farm Family Life Insurance Company, Farm Family Casualty Insurance Company and United Farm Family Insurance Company.
AMNB American National Bankshares Inc. (the Corporation) is a one-bank holding company of American National Bank and Trust Company (the Bank), a national banking association. The Bank is the only subsidiary of the Corporation. The Bank has two wholly owned subsidiaries: ANB Mortgage Corp. originates and sells secondary-market mortgage loans and ANB Services Corporation, operating as ANB Investor Services and ANB Insurance Services, offers non-deposit investment products such as mutual funds and a full-line of insurance products through an affiliation with Bankers Insurance LLC.
AMC American Mortgage Acceptance Company is a real estate investment trust (REIT) whose business plan focuses on originating and acquiring mortgages secured by multi-family properties which may take the form of government insured first mortgages, insured mortgage pass-through certificates or insured mortgage backed securities and uninsured mezzanine loans, construction loans and bridge loans. In addition, the Company has indirectly invested in subordinate commercial mortgage-backed securities and may invest in other real estate assets including non-multifamily mortgages. It also issues guarantees of construction and permanent financing and makes standby loan commitments.
ADLI.OB American Medical Technologies, Inc. (American Medical) develops, manufactures and markets products designed primarily for general dentistry. It changed its name from American Dental Technologies, Inc. in July 2000. The Company's primary products are high speed curing lights, air abrasive kinetic cavity preparation systems and intra oral cameras marketed under the name Ultracam, which are developed and manufactured at its manufacturing facility in Corpus Christi, Texas. American Medical also develops, manufactures and markets precision air abrasive jet machining systems for industrial applications.
AMMD American Medical Systems Holdings, Inc. (AMS) develops, manufactures and markets medical devices to physicians. The Company manufactures and markets a line of products for erectile restoration and other men's health needs, including products for incontinence, stricture and prostate disease, and women's health needs, including products for incontinence, menorrhagia, prolapse and other pelvic floor disorders. American Medical Systems provides a series of semi-rigid malleable prostheses and a range of more naturally functioning inflatable prostheses, including the AMS 700 CX and Ultrex.
AMAC American Medical Alert Corp. is a healthcare communications company. Its subsidiaries are HCI Acquisition Corp., LMA Acquisition Corp. and Safe Com, Inc. AMAC has four operating divisions: Personal Emergency Response System, H-LINK OnCall Telephone Answering Service (TAS), Teleheath Disease Management Monitoring and Business-Safety Monitoring Products. It operates three call centers: Long Island City and Oceanside, New York and Audubon, New Jersey. AMAC markets its healthcare communication services and monitoring devices to hospital systems, home healthcare providers, community service organizations, government agencies, third-party insurers, and private-pay clients. For the year ended December 2003, 98% of the Company's revenue was generated from monthly recurring revenues (MRR). It derived 27% of its revenues from Medicaid programs.
ALGI American Locker Group Incorporated is engaged primarily in the sale of lockers. This includes coin, key-only, and electronically controlled checking lockers and related locks and plastic and aluminum centralized mail and parcel distribution lockers. The key controlled checking lockers are sold to the recreational and transportation industries, bookstores, military posts, law enforcement agencies, libraries and for export. The electronically controlled lockers are sold for use as secure storage in the business environment and the electronically controlled, coin operated lockers are sold for use in transportation industry and other uses.
ANL American Land Lease, Inc. is a self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust (REIT) engaged in the ownership, development, expansion, management and acquisition of residential land lease communities. Residential land lease communities own home sites that are leased to owners of homes situated on the leased land, and own various amenities provided for common use by the homeowners. The Company operates in two reportable segments, real estate (ownership of land leases, land development, investment acquisition and disposition) and home sales (the sale of homes, both new and used, to be sited on land it owned). As of December 31, 2003, American Land Lease held interests as owner in 29 residential land lease communities, one of which includes a recreational vehicle park, with an approximate total of 6,579 operational home sites, 979 developed home sites, 1,437 undeveloped home sites and 129 recreational vehicle sites.
PLB American Italian Pasta Company is primarily a producer and marketer of dry pasta in North America. Its product line, which consists of over 3,500 items or stock-keeping units (SKUs), includes long goods, such as spaghetti, linguine, fettuccine, angel hair and lasagna, and short goods such as elbow macaroni, mostaccioli, rigatoni, rotini, ziti and egg noodles. In many instances, the Company produces pasta according to customers' specifications. It makes over 220 different shapes and sizes of pasta products in over 225 package configurations, including bulk packages for institutional customers and smaller individually wrapped packages for retail consumers. The Company contracts with third parties for the production of certain specialized pasta shapes, such as stuffing shells and manicotti, which are necessary to offer customers a range of pasta products. Purchased pasta represented less than 1% of its total unit volume during the fiscal year ended October 1, 2004 (fiscal 2004).
AIP American Israeli Paper Mills Ltd. (American Israeli) produces and markets a variety of paper and paper products together with its subsidiaries and associated companies (the Group). Its principal products include grades of paper and board products, packaging and household products and industrial, hospital and food service products. The Group is also engaged in the conversion of household paper products into consumer products; the production and marketing of disposable baby diapers, adult incontinence, absorbent products and feminine hygiene products; the production and marketing of paperboard for the packaging industry; the production and marketing of corrugated boxes, and the marketing of office supplies.
AIVN.OB American International Ventures, Inc. is an exploration stage company engaged in the acquisition, exploration and development of mineral properties. The Company has acquired a mining property located in Nye County, Nevada, known as the Bruner Property, from Orcana Resources, Inc. and Miramar Gold Corporation. It owns 28-patented claims totaling 560 acres and 41-unpatented claims totaling 820 acres for a total land position of 1,380 acres in Bruner district. The Company intends to carry out exploration work on the Bruner Property in order to ascertain whether the property possesses commercially exploitable quantities of gold and silver.
AMIN.OB American International Industries, Inc. acquires businesses in various industries, supports the development and growth of those subsidiaries, and as opportunities present themselves, from time to time, sells or merges those subsidiaries or assets in order to bring value to the holding company and its shareholders, to enable the Company to acquire larger companies. At December 31, 2003, the Company served as holding company for the wholly owned and partially owned subsidiaries, including Delta Seaboard Well Service, Inc., Northeastern Plastics, Inc. (NPI), T.R.E. Enterprises, Inc. (TREE), Brenham Oil &amp; Gas, Inc. and Unlimited Coatings Corporation (UCCD). Delta is an onshore rig-based well servicing contractor providing service to the oil and gas industries. NPI is a supplier of automotive after-market products and consumer durables. TREE buys and sells real estate in the Houston, Texas area. Brenham is an owner of an oil and gas royalty interest. UCCD is an inactive public company.
AIG American International Group, Inc. (AIG) is an international insurance and financial services organization. Member companies serve commercial, institutional and individual customers through the extensive worldwide property-casualty and life insurance networks of any insurer. In the United States, AIG companies are underwriters of commercial and industrial insurance, and AIG American General is a life insurer. Global businesses also include financial services, retirement services and asset management. Financial services businesses include aircraft leasing, financial products, trading and market making. Its global consumer finance business is led in the United States by American General Finance. It also has large United States retirement services businesses through AIG SunAmerica and AIG VALIC, and is engaged asset management for individual and institutional markets, with specialized investment management capabilities in equities, fixed income, alternative investments and real estate.
AII American Insured Mortgage Investors - Series 85, L.P. is in the business of holding government insured mortgage investments primarily on multifamily housing properties and distributing the payments of principal and interest on such mortgage investments, including debentures issued by the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development in exchange for such mortgages, to the holders of its depository units of limited partnership interests. At December 31, 2003, the Company had invested in 15 insured mortgages and five debentures, with an aggregate amortized cost of approximately $51.5 million, a face value of approximately $51.6 million and a fair value of approximately $52.4 million. In February 2004, American Insured sold two insured mortgages, which had an aggregate face value of approximately $10.7 million as of December 31, 2003.
AMIC American Independence Corp. is a holding company engaged in the insurance and reinsurance business through its wholly owned insurance company, Independence American Insurance Company (Independence American), formerly known as First Standard Security Insurance Company, and its managing general underwriter subsidiaries, IndependenceCare Holdings L.L.C. and its subsidiaries (collectively referred to as (IndependenceCare), Risk Assessment Strategies, Inc. (RAS) and Marlton. IndependenceCare, RAS and Marlton are collectively referred to as the managing general underwriters (MGU) Subsidiaries. Independence American is licensed to write property and/or casualty insurance in 24 states. IndependenceCare markets and underwrites employer medical stop-loss, provider excess loss and HMO Reinsurance products for Standard Life, Independence American and another carrier.
MRF American Income Fund, Inc. (the Fund) is registered under the Investment Company Act of 1940 as a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund invests fixed-income securities, primarily in mortgage-backed securities. The Fund also invests in other debt securities, such as collateralized mortgage obligations and asset-backed securities, high-yield bonds, corporate bonds, and preferred stock. The Fund will invest at least 65% of its total assets in mortgage-backed securities under normal market conditions. No more than 35% of the Fund's total assets may be held in high-yield issues. The Fund is authorized to borrow funds or issue senior securities in amounts not exceeding 33 1/3% of its total assets. For the year ended October 31, 2003, American Income Fund earned a total return of 12.53% based on its net asset value. U.S. Bancorp Asset Management, Inc., a subsidiary of U.S. Bank National Association, manages the Fund's assets.
AHOM.OB American HomePatient, Inc. provides home health care services and products consisting primarily of respiratory and infusion therapies and the rental and sale of home medical equipment and home health care supplies. These services and products are paid for primarily by Medicare, Medicaid and other third-party payors. As of December 31, 2003, the Company provided these services to patients primarily in the home through 286 centers in 35 states. Sale of home medical equipment and home health supplies represented 18%, 20% and 23% of total revenues for the years 2003, 2002 and 2001, respectively. The Company's sources Medicare, Private pay, primarily private insurance, and Medicaid accounted for 53%, 38% and 9%, respectively, of total revenues for the year ending 2003.
AHM American Home Mortgage Investment Corp. (AHM Investment) is engaged in the business of investing in mortgage-backed securities resulting from the securitization of residential mortgage loans that it originates and services. Its business consists of originating and servicing primarily prime-quality residential mortgage loans, securitizing or selling certain loans and holding mortgage-backed securities for spread income. The Company has three segments: the loan origination segment, the loan servicing segment and the mortgage-backed securities holdings segment. AHM Investment's real estate investment trust (REIT)-eligible assets and activities are held and performed at the parent level or in qualified REIT subsidiaries. In December 2003, the Company became the parent company of AHM Holdings and acquired Apex Mortgage Capital, Inc. by merger. In June 2003, AHM Corp. acquired six mortgage loan origination offices from American Mortgage LLC and American National Bank of DeKalb County.
AMHC American Healthways, Inc. provides specialized, comprehensive care enhancement and disease management services to health plans and hospitals in all 50 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and Guam. These services include providing members with educational materials and personal interactions with highly trained nurses; incorporating evidence-based clinical guidelines in interventions to optimize patient care; developing care support plans and motivating members to set attainable goals for themselves; providing local market resources to address acute episode interventions, and coordinating members' care with local healthcare providers.
AMHI.OB American HealthChoice, Inc. (AMHI) owns, operates and manages 12 clinics. Eleven are primary care clinics, of which two are medical clinics (Southcross and San Pedro) and nine are chiropractic clinics. The Company also has a physical therapy facility at its largest chiropractic clinic. AMHI also has a physical therapy facility at its largest chiropractic clinic. Substantially all of the Company's revenues are derived from chiropractic, physical therapy and medical services provided to individuals living in the vicinity of the clinics. AMHI depends upon third-party payors for reimbursement of approximately 98% of patient services. A substantial percentage of reimbursements for services are received from patient insurance settlements administered by attorneys representing patients with third-party claims.
AM American Greetings Corporation is engaged in the design, manufacture and sale of everyday and seasonal greeting cards and other social expression products. The products are greeting cards, gift wrap, paper party goods, candles, balloons, stationery and giftware are manufactured and/or sold in the United States by American Greetings Corporation, Gibson Greetings, Inc., Plus Mark, Inc. and Carlton Cards Retail, Inc.; in Canada by Carlton Cards Limited; in the United Kingdom by Carlton Cards Limited (U.K.), Camden Graphics Group, UKG Specialty Products Ltd, Gibson Greetings International Limited, The Ink Group Publishers Ltd. (U.K.) and Carlton Cards Ltd. (Ireland); in Mexico by Carlton Mexico, S.A. de C.V. ; in Australia by John Sands (Australia) Ltd. and The Ink Group PTY Ltd.; in New Zealand by John Sands (N.Z.) Ltd. and The Ink Group NZ Ltd., and in South Africa by S.A. Greetings Corporation (PTY) Ltd. In December 2004, the Company sold Magnivision.
AFR American Financial Realty Trust (AFR) is a self-administered, self-managed estate investment trust. AFR is focused primarily on acquiring and operating properties leased to regulated financial institutions in the United States. At December 31, 2003, the Company owned or held leasehold interests in 358 bank branches and 220 office buildings containing an aggregate of approximately 17.2 million rentable square feet. These properties are located in 27 states and Washington DC. The Company's interest in its properties is held through its operating partnership, First States Group, L.P. (the Operating Partnership). Both directly and by outsourcing functions to third party service providers, AFR also performs asset management, leasing, property management and accounting and finance services relating to its properties. At December 31, 2003, the Company leased properties to 447 tenants. In December 2004, the Company sold four non-core properties to a private buyer.
AFG American Financial Group, Inc. (AFG) is a holding company that, through subsidiaries, is engaged primarily in property and casualty insurance, focusing on commercial products for businesses, and in the sale of retirement annuities, life and supplemental health insurance products. AFG's interests have been in the following areas: insurance, savings and loan, leasing, banking, real estate, communications/ entertainment and food distribution. A small number of investments have been made in troubled and other undervalued assets. The Company sells life and supplemental health products in Puerto Rico and property and casualty products in Mexico, Canada and Europe. Less than 4% of its revenues, costs and expenses are derived from sources outside of the United States. In November 2003, the Company merged with its subsidiary, American Financial Corporation.
AXP American Express Company is primarily engaged in the business of providing travel-related services, financial advisory services and international banking services throughout the world. It has three operating segments: Travel Related Services (TRS), American Express Financial Advisors (AEFA) and American Express Bank (AEB). TRS' products and services include, among others, charge cards, cardmember lending products, travelers' checks, and corporate and consumer travel services. AEFA's services and products include financial planning and advice, investment advisory services and a variety of products, including insurance and annuities, investment certificates and mutual funds. AEB's products and services include providing private, financial institution and corporate banking; personal financial services, and global trading. In December 2004, the Company sold its American Express Business Finance Corporation to Key Equipment Finance.
AEL American Equity Investment Life Holding Company develops, markets, issues and administers annuities and life insurance. The Company is a service underwriter of annuity and insurance products. Its business consists of the sale of fixed rate and index annuities and has only one business segment. The Company focuses on its annuity business and earns predicable returns by managing investment spreads and investment risk. In June 2001, it formed a New York domiciled insurance company named American Equity Investment Life Insurance Company of New York. The Company is licensed to sell its products in 47 states and the District of Columbia. Its products include fixed-rate annuities, index annuities, a variable annuity and life insurance.
AEP American Electric Power Company, Inc. (AEP) is a registered public utility holding company that operates through its public utility subsidiaries. The public utility subsidiaries of AEP are Appalachian Power Company, Columbus Southern Power Company, Indiana Michigan Power Company, Kentucky Power Company, Kingsport Power Company, Ohio Power Company, Public Service Company of Oklahoma, Southwestern Electric Power Company, AEP Texas Central Company, AEP Texas North Company, Wheeling Power Company and AEP Generating Company. These subsidiaries, which do business as American Electric Power, have traditionally provided electric service, consisting of generation, transmission and distribution, on an integrated basis to their retail customers. Their service areas cover portions of the states of Arkansas, Indiana, Kentucky, Louisiana, Michigan, Ohio, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Texas, Virginia and West Virginia.
ECOL American Ecology Corporation provides radioactive, hazardous and industrial waste management services to commercial and government entities, such as nuclear power plants, medical and academic institutions, steel mills and petrochemical facilities. The Company's wholly owned operating subsidiaries are US Ecology, Inc., a California corporation (US Ecology); US Ecology Texas, L.P., a Texas Limited Partnership (USET); American Ecology Recycle Center, Inc., a Delaware corporation (AERC); American Ecology Environmental Services Corporation, a Texas corporation (AEESC), and US Ecology Idaho, Inc., a Delaware corporation (USEI). The Company operates within two business segments, Operating Disposal Facilities and Non Operating Disposal Facilities. The Operating Disposal Facilities accept hazardous and low-level radioactive waste and include the Company's RCRA hazardous waste treatment and disposal facilities.
AEOS American Eagle Outfitters, Inc. is a lifestyle retailer that designs, markets and sells its own brand of relaxed, casual clothing for 15- to 25-year olds, providing merchandise at affordable prices. The Company also distributes merchandise via its e-commerce business, as well as through its catalog. American Eagle Outfitters offers a collection of modern basics, such as jeans, cargo pants and graphic t-shirts, as well as an assortment of accessories, outerwear and footwear under its American Eagle Outfitters and AE brand names. In addition, the Company operates the Bluenotes/Thriftys specialty apparel chain in Canada. The Bluenotes/Thriftys brand targets a slightly younger demographic, offering a more urban/suburban, denim-driven collection for 12- to 22-year olds. For the fiscal year ended January 31, 2004 (fiscal 2003), American Eagle Outfitters operated 805 American Eagle Outfitters stores in the United States and Canada, and 110 Bluenotes/Thriftys stores in Canada.
ADPI American Dental Partners, Inc. (ADPI) is a provider of business services to multi-disciplinary dental groups in selected markets throughout the United States. It acquires selected assets of the dental practices with which it affiliates, and enters into long-term service agreements with the affiliated dental group practice or professional corporation. ADPI provides all services necessary for the administration of the non-clinical aspects of the dental operations. Services provided to the affiliated dental groups include providing assistance with organizational planning and development; recruiting, retention and training programs; quality assurance initiatives; facilities development and management; employee benefits administration; procurement; information systems; marketing and payor relations, and financial planning, reporting and analysis. As of December 31, 2003, the Company was affiliated with 19 dental groups, comprising 396 dentists practicing in 171 locations in 17 states.
ADIY.OB American Dairy, Inc. is principally engaged in manufacturing and distributing dairy products. The Company has a new milk powder packaging plant called Feihe Dairy in Kedong County, China that commenced milk processing production in August 2001. American Dairy has a milk powder processing plant called Sanhao Dairy in Kedong County in the City of QiQiHaEr in Heilongjiang Province, China. American Dairy is planning to build an additional milk powder processing plant in close proximity to its existing Sanhao Dairy plant in Kedong County. The Company has acquired the land use rights to this location and has entered into a construction contract to build the new plant that has been paid during the year ended December 31, 2003.
APO American Community Properties Trust is a self-managed holding company that is primarily engaged in the investment of rental properties, property management services, community development and homebuilding. These operations are concentrated in the Washington, D. C., metropolitan area and Puerto Rico, and are carried out through American Rental Properties Trust, American Rental Management Company, American Land Development U.S., Inc. and IGP Group Corp. and their subsidiaries.
ACBA American Community Bancshares, Inc. (Bancshares) is a bank holding company that owns all of the common stock of American Community Bank (the Bank), a North Carolina-chartered bank with deposit accounts insured by the Bank Insurance Fund of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC). The Bank operates for the purpose of serving the banking needs of individuals and small to medium-sized businesses in the Company's market area. Bancshares offers a range of banking services, including checking, certificates of deposit and savings accounts, commercial, consumer and personal loans, mortgage, account receivable financing and leasing services and other associated financial services. In April 2004, the Company acquired FNB Bancshares, Inc., the holding company for First National Bank of the Carolinas, based in Gaffney, South Carolina. The merger enables the Company to expand into the South Carolina market.
AACS.OB American Commerce Solutions, Inc. is a multi-industry holding company for its two wholly owned subsidiaries: International Machine and Welding, Inc., operating in the manufacturing segment and Chariot Manufacturing Company, Inc., operating in the fiberglass segment. The manufacturing segment offers a range of products and services to heavy industry through its three divisions that provides specialized machining of large components and machinery repair, heavy equipment service (parts and labor) and the sale of replacement parts to the heavy equipment market. The fiberglass segment produces a line of fiberglass trailers for the transportation of motorcycles, all terrain vehicles, personal watercraft, small vehicles, vending, mobile fiber optic workstations, utility and other specialized applications.
AMCE American Claims Evaluation, Inc. (American Claims) provides a range of vocational rehabilitation and disability management services designed to maximize injured workers' abilities in order to reintegrate them into their respective communities through its wholly owned subsidiary, RPM Rehabilitation and Associates, Inc. (RPM). The intervention activities include contacting employers at the time of injury to develop return to work strategies, such as work restructuring and job modification, onsite analysis, local labor market analysis and obtaining work histories.
ACAS American Capital Strategies, Ltd. is a buyout and mezzanine fund that provides investment capital to middle-market companies. The Company invests in senior and mezzanine (subordinated) debt and equity of companies in need of capital for buyouts, growth, acquisitions and recapitalizations. In 2003, American Capital invested on average $33 million in each new portfolio company. It generally has not invested more than 5% of its equity capital in one transaction. The total portfolio value of investments, as of December 31, 2003, was $1,911,743. American Capital has a wholly owned operating subsidiary, American Capital Financial Services, Inc. (ACFS), which provides financial advisory services to the Company's portfolio companies. ACFS arranges and secures capital for large transactions, particularly buyouts that American Capital sponsors. In December 2004, the Company sold its portfolio company Texstars Inc. to Hampson Industries PLC.
ACC American Campus Communities, Inc. is engaged in the ownership, management and development of student housing properties in the United States. The Company is a fully integrated, self-managed and self-administered equity real estate investment trust (REIT) engaged in the acquisition, design, finance, development, construction management, leasing and management of student housing properties. The Company owns 16 student housing properties, which include 201 buildings containing approximately 3,900 apartment units and 11,800 beds. In January 2005, the Company sold its University Village at San Bernardino to California State University, San Bernardino.
AMBC.OB Logistics Management Resources, Inc. acquired all of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of United States Trucking, Inc. (Trucking), which, through wholly owned subsidiaries, was engaged in providing freight transportation services to large corporations and the operation of a regional truckload carrier specializing in the short- to medium-haul market segments. Since ceasing its freight transportation services business followed by its disposition of its ownership interest therein, the Company has not had any revenue from operations. During this period, it has been engaged in seeking to resolve the claims of its creditors.
ABMC American Bio Medica Corporation (ABMC) develops, manufactures and markets immunoassay diagnostic test kits, primarily for the immediate, point of collection screening for drugs of abuse. The Company's drugs of abuse screening products offer health care, law enforcement, government, industrial safety and educational professionals, self-contained, one-step screening devices capable of identifying illicit drug use within minutes. Rapid Drug Screen (RDS) is its primary product line. RDS is a patented, rapid, point of collection, test kit that detects the presence or absence of drugs of abuse in a urine specimen. The Company produces several versions (panels) of RDS. Each panel screens for a specified number of drugs (up to 10 classes of drugs) simultaneously. In addition to the manufacture and distribution of drugs of abuse screening products, ABMC performs contract strip manufacturing for other point of collection diagnostic companies.
ABL American Biltrite Inc. produces pressure sensitive tapes and adhesive products. It is also a supplier, distributor and servicer of adult, children's and specialty items of fashion jewelry and accessories. The Company is also a manufacturer of sheet and tile flooring. The Company's subsidiaries are Congoleum Corporation, K&amp;M Associates L.P. and American Biltrite (Canada) Ltd. The Company operates in four industry segments: flooring products, tape products, jewelry and the Canadian division.
ABHH.OB American Bank Note Holographics, Inc. (ABNH) originates, produces and markets holograms that are used primarily for security applications, such as counterfeiting protection and authentication of transaction cards, identification cards, documents of value and consumer products. It also produces non-secure holograms for design and promotional applications. ABNH has five target markets, transaction cards, documents of value, product authentication and security packaging, transparent laminates for identification documents and commercialand it markets various products to meet the needs of these markets.
AMBK American Bank Incorporated serves as the stock holding company for American Bank (the Bank). The Company's principal business is overseeing and directing the business of the Bank. American Bank is engaged in full-service banking activities and operates from a banking center and executive office in Allentown, Pennsylvania. Its principal business is attracting deposits from the general public and using those deposits, together with borrowings and other funds, to originate loans and to purchase investment securities. The Bank offers a range of deposit and loan products for consumer, business, institutional and governmental customers, including interest-bearing checking and money market accounts, savings accounts, certificates of deposit and individual retirement accounts. It also engages in mortgage banking activities, which include the origination, purchase and, in certain instances, subsequent sale of residential mortgage loans.
ABKD.OB American Bank Holdings, Inc. is a corporation formed to serve as the holding company for American Bank (the Bank), a federally chartered savings bank with six banking offices. The Company has two segments: banking and mortgage banking. The banking segment provides traditional banking services offered through the Bank. The mortgage-banking segment originates and sells residential mortgages. The Company's segments offer different products and services. Although both segments offer financial products and services, they are managed separately, because each segment has different types and levels of credit and interest rate risk. The Bank focuses on community banking in the Washington, D.C. metropolitan area. It has focused its lending activities on the origination of commercial real estate and commercial business loans.
AXL American Axle &amp; Manufacturing Holdings, Inc. is a global Tier I supplier to the automotive industry. It is also involved in the manufacture, engineering, design and validation of driveline systems and related powertrain components and chassis modules for light trucks, sport-utility vehicles (SUVs) and passenger cars. Driveline systems include components that transfer power from the transmission and deliver it to the drive wheels. Driveline and related powertrain products include axles, chassis modules, driveshafts, chassis and steering components, driving heads, crankshafts, transmission parts and forged products. As a result of its Component Supply Agreement (CSA) and Lifetime Program Contracts (LPCs) with General Motors Corporation (GM), the Company is the sole-source supplier to GM for certain axles and other driveline products for the life of each GM vehicle program covered by a LPC.
AAMC.OB American Asset Management Corporation is engaged in mortgage banking activities through its wholly owned subsidiary, Capital Financial Corp. (Capital), a licensed mortgage banking company in New Jersey. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company, through its American Asset Development Corporation (Development) subsidiary, was also engaged in the development and sale of a residential real estate lot (property) in Hunterdon County, New Jersey. Due to American Asset's sale of the Property in 2003, this area of the Company's business is no longer being pursued.
AATK American Access Technologies, Inc. develops and manufactures zone cabling and wireless enclosures that are mounted on ceilings, walls, raised floors, as well as in custom furniture, to facilitate the routing of telecommunications network cabling, fiber optics and wireless solutions to the workspace environment. The Company develops solutions to open-office architecture, routing high-speed cabling, copper wiring and wireless solutions into and through office buildings, hospitals, convention centers, schools, hotels, entertainment and theme parks, government buildings and industrial complexes.
AWA America West Holdings Corporation is a holding company of America West Airlines, Inc. (AWA), a passenger airline with a low-cost carrier that operates a hub-and-spoke network, with hubs in Phoenix, Arizona and Las Vegas, Nevada. During the year ended December 31, 2003, it announced and started new point-to-point service from Los Angeles to both Boston and New York and from San Francisco to New York. It also announced San Francisco to Boston non-stop service starting in March 2004. AWA also offers full-service amenities similar to the legacy carriers, including a frequent flyer program. In 2003, it operated a fleet of 139 aircraft with an average fleet age of 10.7 years and served 62 destinations in North America, including eight in Mexico, three in Canada and one in Costa Rica. Through regional alliance and code-share arrangements with other airlines, it served an additional 52 destinations in North America and flew approximately 20.1 million passengers.
ASGR America Service Group Inc., through its subsidiaries provides managed healthcare services to correctional facilities, under contracts with state and local governments and certain private entities, and a medical facility operated by the Veterans Administration. The Company's subsidiaries include Prison Health Services, Inc., EMSA Limited Partnership, Correctional Health Services, LLC and Secure Pharmacy Plus, LLC. The subsidiaries' contracts include the distribution of pharmaceuticals to over 230 correctional facilities throughout the United States. Through Correctional Healthcare Services, the Company contracts with state, county and local governmental agencies to provide healthcare services to inmates of prisons and jails. Through Pharmaceutical Distribution Services, the Company contracts with federal, state and local governments and private entities to distribute pharmaceuticals and certain medical supplies to inmates of correctional facilities.
AOLA America Online Latin America, Inc. (AOLA) is an interactive service provider in Latin America, specifically Brazil, Mexico, Argentina and Puerto Rico. The Company derives its revenues principally from member subscriptions to its AOLA country services, the AOL-branded service in Puerto Rico and its Web-based interactive services. It also generates additional revenues from advertising and other revenue sources. Other revenue sources include programming services provided to America Online for its Latino content area and revenue sharing agreements with certain local telecommunications providers. During the year ended December 31, 2003, advertising and other revenue from related parties accounted for approximately 31.2%. Total revenues in 2003 in Brazil accounted for 38.8% of total revenues.
ATAXZ America First Tax Exempt Investors, L.P. (the Partnership) is engaged in the business of acquiring, holding, selling and otherwise dealing with a portfolio of federally tax-exempt mortgage revenue bonds and related investments. As of December 2003, the Partnership owned 11 tax-exempt mortgage revenue bonds with a carrying value of $139,197,520. The tax-exempt mortgage revenue bonds were issued by various state and local housing authorities to provide for permanent financing of 11 multi-family residential properties. These properties contained a total of 2,788 rental units and were located in Florida, Georgia, Indiana, Iowa, Kentucky, South Carolina and Texas.
APRO America First Apartment Investors, Inc. is a real estate investment trust (REIT) and is the successor to America First Apartment Investors, L.P., which it merged with on January 1, 2003. Its operating and investment strategy focuses on multi-family apartment properties as long-term investments. Its segments consist of multi-family apartment properties, commercial property and investment in Agency Securities. During the year ended December 31, 2003, America First owns 15 multi-family apartment properties containing a total of 3,335-rental units and a 72,002-square-foot office/warehouse facility. Its multi-family apartment properties are located in the states of Florida, Tennessee, Georgia, Oklahoma, Arizona, California and Illinois. The Company focuses its acquisition efforts on established multi-family apartment properties located throughout the United States.
ASBI Ameriana Bancorp is the holding company for its subsidiary, Ameriana Bank and Trust, SB (the Bank). The Company also holds a minority interest in a limited partnership organized to acquire and manage real estate investments that qualify for federal tax credits. The business of the Bank consists of attracting deposits from the general public and originating mortgage loans on single-family residences, multi-family housing and commercial real estate. It makes home improvement loans and consumer loans through its subsidiary, and is engaged in insurance and brokerage activities. The Bank's Business Services Division provides specialized lending and other banking services for business customers. The Bank is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank (FHLB) system. Its deposits are insured to applicable limits by the Savings Association Insurance Fund (SAIF), administered by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (FDIC).
AEE Ameren Corporation is a public utility holding company with subsidiaries operating rate-regulated electric generation, transmission and distribution businesses; rate-regulated natural gas distribution businesses, and non-rate-regulated electric generation businesses in Missouri and Illinois. Ameren's primary asset is the common stock of its subsidiaries. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company served over 1.7 million electric and over 500,000 natural gas customers in Missouri and Illinois through its principal subsidiaries, Union Electric Company (UE), Central Illinois Public Service Company, Ameren Energy Generating Company and Central Illinois Light Company (CILCO). On February 2, 2004, the Company entered into an agreement with Dynegy Inc. to acquire Illinois Power Company and Dynegy's 20% ownership interest in Electric Energy, Inc. Upon completion of the acquisition, expected by the end of 2004, Illinois Power will become an Ameren subsidiary operating as AmerenIP.
UHAL AMERCO operates as a do-it-yourself moving and storage provider in North America through its subsidiaries. The Company supplies products and services to help people move and store their household and commercial goods. Through a network of 1,351 U-Haul operated retail centers and 13,870 independent U-Haul dealers, AMERCO rents its U-Haul trucks and trailers and storage rooms, and sells U-Haul brand boxes, tape and other moving and self-storage related products and services. The Company also connects independent providers of moving and self-storage services with do-it-yourself moving and storage customers through its eMove Website. Through its insurance subsidiaries, Republic Western Insurance Company and Oxford Life Insurance Company, AMERCO originates and reinsures property and casualty insurance, as well as life insurance. On March 15, 2004, AMERCO emerged from Chapter 11 bankruptcy filing.
AALA.OB AmerAlia, Inc. is engaged in producing and selling natural Sodium bicarbonate, commonly known as baking soda, for use in a wide variety of products and activities. The Company operates in one industry segment: the production of various grades of Sodium bicarbonate recovered from its naturally occurring deposits of nahcolite using solution mining. It owns two subsidiaries, Natural Soda Holdings, Inc. (NSHI) and Natural Soda, Inc. (NSI). It owns the Bureau of Land Management Sodium leases in the Piceance Creek Basin, which contains the deposits of naturally occurring Sodium bicarbonate in the world.
AHC Amerada Hess Corporation explores for, produces, purchases, transports and sells crude oil and natural gas. These exploration and production activities take place in the United States, United Kingdom, Norway, Denmark, Equatorial Guinea, Algeria, Gabon, Indonesia, Thailand, Azerbaijan, Malaysia and other countries. As of December 31, 2003, Amerada had 646 million barrels of proved crude oil and natural gas liquids reserves compared with 782 million barrels at the end of 2002. The Company also manufactures, purchases, trades and markets refined petroleum and other energy products. Amerada owns 50% of a refinery joint venture in the United States Virgin Islands, and another refining facility, terminals and retail gasoline stations located on the East Coast of the United States.
AMEN AMEN Properties, Inc. (AMEN) is focused on acquiring investments in commercial real estate, oil and gas royalties and stabilized cash flowing businesses or assets. At December 31, 2003, the Company, through AMEN Delaware, LP's investment in a limited partnership, had a commercial real estate portfolio consisting of majority ownership in two office properties located in Midland and Lubbock, Texas, comprising an aggregate of approximately 539,837 square feet of gross leasable area. The investment was obtained through AMEN Delaware's acquisition of an approximate 64.9% partnership interest in TCTB Partners, Ltd. (TCTB). Through its investment in AMEN Minerals, LP, AMEN has acquired an investment interest in an oil and gas royalty trust. The operations of the Company are primarily conducted through AMEN Delaware, of which AMEN is the sole general partner. In January 2005, sold its undivided interest in its Lubbock office building.
AMED Amedisys, Inc., headquartered in Baton Rouge, Louisiana, is a multi-state provider of home healthcare nursing services. The Company operated 79 home care nursing offices and two corporate offices in the southern and southeastern United States in December 2003. The Company's wholly owned subsidiaries are Amedisys Arkansas, L.L.C., Cypress Health Services and Amedisys LA Acquisitions, LLC. The services provided in home healthcare include four categories: home health nursing services, infusion therapy, respiratory therapy and home medical equipment.
AANI.OB Amedia Networks, Inc., formerly TTR Technologies, Inc., is engaged in the design, development and implementation of Ethernet solutions to the fiber-to-the-premises (FTTP) broadband access market. The Company's QoStream product family, an Ethernet-switched optical networking solution, brings Ethernet and Internet protocol technologies to the broadband access market. These products enable secure, scalable and cost-effective delivery of triple-play (voice, video and data) services over a seamless Ethernet network. While the products are being designed to work in unison to provide a complete end-to-end solution, each component is designed for use with other standards-based Ethernet products. On May 27, 2004, the Company changed its name from TTR Technologies, Inc. to Amedia Networks, Inc.
DOX Amdocs Limited is a provider of software products and services to the communications industry in North America, Europe and the rest of the world. Its products and services provide an integrated approach to customer management, which the Company refers to as Integrated Customer Management. Its Integrated Customer Management product offerings consist primarily of billing and customer relationship management (CRM) systems, which Amdocs refers to, collectively, as Customer Care and Billing Systems (CC&amp;B Systems). Its portfolio also includes a range of directory sales and publishing systems for publishers of both traditional printed yellow page and white page directories and electronic Internet directories. It also provides information technology (IT) services, including extensive system implementation, integration, modification, ongoing support, enhancement and maintenance services.
ADL AMDL, Inc. is a theranostics company, which develops, manufactures, markets and offers various immunodiagnostic kits for the detection of cancer and other diseases. The Company's DR-70 test kit is used to assist in the detection of at least 13 different types of cancer, including lung (small and non-small cell), stomach, breast, rectal, colon and liver. DR-70 is a tumor-marker, a biochemical substance indicative of neoplasia, ideally specific, sensitive and proportional to tumor load, used to screen, diagnose, assess prognosis, follow response to treatment and monitor for recurrence. AMDL's other proprietary product, Pylori- Probe, is cleared for sale in the United States, but the Company does not intend to market the Pylori-Probe in the United States because another non-invasive test has been developed by another company.
AMFI AMCORE Financial Inc. (AMCORE) is a bank holding company that conducts its principal business activities at locations within northern Illinois, south central Wisconsin and Iowa. The primary business of the Company is the extension of credit and the collection of deposits with commercial and industrial, agricultural, real estate and consumer loan customers throughout northern Illinois and south central Wisconsin, conducted through its banking subsidiary, AMCORE Bank, N.A. (the Bank). The Company offers financial products and services through its financial services subsidiaries. These include personal and employee benefit trust administration for individuals, estates and corporations; investment management; mutual fund administration; brokerage, and credit life and accident and health insurance in conjunction with the lending activities of the Bank. AMCORE's operations are divided into four segments: Commercial Banking, Retail Banking, Trust and Asset Management and Mortgage Banking.
AMCR Amcor Limited manufactures a range of packaging products, along with offering packaging-related services. The Company operates its business through six main divisions. Amcor PET Packaging manufactures polyethylene terephthalate (PET) containers, and preforms and provides them to consumer goods companies worldwide. Amcor Australasia manufactures metal, plastic, fiber and glass packaging throughout Australia and New Zealand. Amcor Flexibles is a manufacturer of flexible packaging, servicing a range of food, beverage, healthcare and industrial segments. Amcor Sunclipse is a manufacturer and distributor of industrial packaging supplies and related products and services. Amcor Rentsch &amp; Closures produces specialty folding cartons for the tobacco, cosmetics and confectionery industries, and manufactures plastic and metal closures, as well as rigid tubs and plastic tubes. Amcor Asia is a supplier of corrugated and tobacco packaging, closures, flexible packaging and fiber sacks.
DIT AMCON Distributing Company (AMCON) is primarily engaged in the wholesale distribution of consumer products, including cigarettes and tobacco products, candy and other confectionery, beverages, groceries, paper products, and health and beauty care products. In addition, the Company operates 13 retail health food stores in Florida and the Midwest and a non-alcoholic beverage business that includes a natural spring and a geothermal water bottling operations in the States of Hawaii and Idaho, and a marketing and distribution operation that is focused on selling the Company's water and other specialty beverages. AMCON has three business segments: the wholesale distribution of consumer products; the retail sale of health and natural food products, and the bottling, marketing and distribution of bottled water and other beverage products.
ACO AMCOL International Corp. is a global, specialty minerals company that primarily operates in two segments: minerals and environmental. The minerals segment mines, processes and distributes clays and products with similar applications to various industrial and consumer markets. The environmental segment processes and distributes clays and products with similar applications for use as a moisture barrier in commercial construction, landfill liners and in a variety of other industrial and commercial applications. AMCOL also operates a transportation business, which includes a long-haul trucking business and a freight brokerage business.
ABTG.OB Ambient Corporation is a development-stage company engaged in the design, development and marketing of equipment and technologies (the PLC Technologies) designed to utilize existing electrical medium-voltage and low-voltage distribution systems as a medium for the delivery of broadband and other services. The Company's equipment and technologies are in the design, development and field trial testing stage. The PLC Technologies are designed to be used with a commercially deployed power line communications network to enable the delivery of information to a utility's customer at the higher speeds necessary to obtain broadband e-mail and Web browsing services, as well as telephony voice over Internet protocol through modem devices that are plugged into a standard electrical wall outlet without the need for cable, telephone or satellite services.
AMIE Ambassadors International, Inc. is a travel services company, with subsidiaries operating in the businesses of developing, marketing and managing meetings and incentive programs for corporate clients. The Performance Group utilizes incentive travel, merchandise award programs and corporate meeting management services; the Services Group provides hotel reservation, registration and travel services for meetings, conventions, expositions and trade shows, and the Technology Group provides event portfolio management software solutions. In December 2003, the Company formed Cypress Reinsurance, Ltd (Cypress Re) as a complement to its primary business. Cypress Re is a specialty reinsurance company that takes selective reinsurance risks in property and casualty insurance programs. In 2004, the Company consolidated the Performance Group, the Services Group and the Technology Group into one segment, called Ambassadors.
EPAX Ambassadors Group, Inc. organizes and promotes educational travel programs for students, professionals and athletes using the People to People name. Prior to February 2002, the Company was a wholly owned subsidiary of Ambassadors International, Inc. Ambassadors Group consists of several specialized private-label travel programs: the People to People Student Ambassador Programs, which provide opportunities for middle school and high school students to visit domestic and foreign destinations to learn about the history, government, economy and culture of such countries; the People to People Sports Ambassador Programs, which provide opportunities for middle school and high school athletes to participate in international sports challenges, and the People to People Ambassador Programs, which provide foreign travel experiences for professionals, with emphasis on meetings and seminars between participants and persons in similar professions abroad.
ABCP.OB Ambase Corporation is a holding company, together with its wholly owned subsidiary, owns and manages two commercial office buildings in Greenwich, Connecticut and a 6.3% ownership interest in SDG, Inc. (SDG), a development stage pharmaceutical company. One building of the Company is approximately 14,500 square feet and is leased to unaffiliated third parties with approximately 3,500 square feet utilized by the Company for its executive offices. The other building is approximately 38,000 square feet and is leased to unaffiliated third parties.
ABK Ambac Financial Group, Inc. is a holding company whose subsidiaries provide financial guarantee products and other financial services to clients in both the public and private sectors around the world. The Company and its subsidiaries have two reportable segments, Financial Guarantee and Financial Services. The Company provides financial guarantees for public finance and structured finance obligations through its principal operating subsidiary, Ambac Assurance Corporation. Through its financial services subsidiaries, the Company provides financial and investment products including investment agreements, interest rate and total return swaps and funding conduits, principally to its clients, which include municipalities and their authorities, school districts, healthcare organizations and asset-backed issuers.
AMB AMB Property Corporation is a fully integrated real investment company engaged in the acquisition, development, management and operation of industrial properties in key distribution markets throughout North America, Europe and Asia. The Company, operating as a real estate investment trust, conducts its business principally through its subsidiary, AMB Property L.P., a limited partnership (the Operating Partnership), wherein it owns an approximate 94.5% general partnership interest, excluding preferred units. As of December 31, 2003, the Company's property portfolio was comprised of 948 Company-owned industrial buildings and six retail and other properties aggregating approximately 87.6 million rentable square feet, industrial development projects including development-for-sale properties, managed industrial and retail properties through subsidiary AMB Capital Partners, LLC and other properties held through joint ventures and partnerships.
AMZN Amazon.com, Inc. is a customer-centric company that sells a range of products that it purchases from manufacturers and distributors through its six global Websites: www.amazon.com, www.amazon.co.uk, www.amazon.de, www.amazon.fr, www.amazon.co.jp and www.amazon.ca. The Company offers new, used, refurbished and collectible items, in categories such as apparel, shoes and accessories, home, garden and outdoor living products, baby care products, jewelry and watches, books, kitchenware and housewares, camera and photography, magazine subscriptions, cellular telephones and service, music, computers and computer add-ons, office products, consumer electronics, software, DVDs (Digital Video Discs) and videos, sports and outdoors, gourmet food, tools and hardware, health and personal care and toys. Through its Syndicated Stores program, Amazon utilizes its e-commerce services, features and technologies to sell its products through other businesses' Websites.
AMRN Amarin Corporation plc is a neuroscience company focused on the development and commercialization of novel drugs for the treatment of neurological disorders affecting the central nervous system. Amarin is engaged in the continued development of Miraxion (formerly LAX-101) in Huntington's Disease, which is in Phase III in the United States. Huntington's disease is a neurodegenerative disease characterized by movement disorder, dementia and psychiatric disturbance. The Company seeks to directly commercialize its neurology products in the United States, while out-licensing or partnering its pipeline globally for indications outside neurology. Amarin also intends to leverage its development capabilities by supplementing its internal development pipeline through acquiring and/or in-licensing products for direct marketing by the Company in its core United States market and selected field of neuroscience.
AMAR.OB Amarillo Biosciences, Inc. (ABI) is engaged in developing biologics for the treatment of human and animal diseases. The Company is continuing its clinical studies as part of the process of obtaining regulatory approval from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA), so that commercial marketing can begin in the United States. ABI is focusing its research on human health indications for the use of low-dose, orally administered natural human interferon alpha, particularly for the treatment of Sjogren's syndrome, Behcet's disease, fibromyalgia, idiopathic pulmonary fibrosis and oral warts in human immunodeficiency virus (HIV) patients. The Company owns or licenses 16 United States patents relating to the use or composition of low-dose, oral, natural interferon alpha. ABI has filed five investigational new drug (IND) applications with the FDA, covering indicated uses for low-dose, oral interferon alpha, including treatment of Sjogren's syndrome, oral warts and fibromyalgia.
AGMN.OB Amalgamated Technologies, Inc. is a development stage company that through its wholly owned subsidiary, Fullcomm, Inc., was previously engaged in the research and development of proprietary hardware and software encryption components for digital data transfer, specializing in digital media and data security on the Internet. The Company Technologies had no operating revenues from this line of business and financed all of its operations from loans and sales of the Company's common stock. On October 8, 2002, the Company entered into a Stock Exchange Agreement that resulted in the sale of Fullcomm, Inc. and effectively terminated its engagement in this line of business. As part of its corporate reorganization the Company has decided to look at other ventures of merit for corporate participation as a means of enhancing shareholder value. This may involve sales of its equity or debt securities in merger or acquisition transactions.
CAS A.M. Castle &amp; Co. is a specialty metals and plastics distribution company serving the North American market. The Company provides a range of inventories, as well as preprocessing services to a variety of customers, and distributes and performs first-stage processing on both metals and plastics. Although the distribution processes are similar, different markets are served with different products. In the year ended December 31, 2003, the plastics segment accounted for over 12% of the Company's revenue, while metals represented 88%.
ALVR Alvarion Ltd. is a provider of wireless broadband connectivity infrastructure. The Company's solutions are used by telecom carriers and service providers worldwide. Its products are used to provide broadband data and voice services, for subscribers in the last mile of connectivity, for feeding cellular networks and for private networks. With the Company's product offerings, it provides integrated wireless broadband solutions, addressing different markets and frequency bands, designed to address the various business models of carriers and service providers. The Company's subsidiaries include Alvarion, Inc., Alvarion UK LTD., Alvarion Uruguay SA, Alvarion SARL, Alvarion Asia Pacific Ltd., Floware Do Brasil LTDA, Alvarion De Mexico, Alvarion Japan KK, Alvarion SRL, Alvarion GmbH, Alvarion Israel (2003) Ltd., Kermadec Telecom B.V. and Alvarion Telsiz Sistemleri Ticaret, A.(a). In December 2004, the Company acquired interWAVE Communications International, Ltd.
AWC Alumina Limited is an Australia-based resource company whose sole continuing business is alumina refining, alumina-based chemicals (the specialty chemicals business was sold in February 2004), aluminium smelting and the marketing of those products through its 40% investment in Alcoa World Alumina and Chemicals (AWAC). AWAC was formed on January 1, 1995 by Alumina and Alcoa Inc. combining their respective bauxite, alumina and alumina-based chemicals businesses and investments and some selected smelting operations. AWAC is a producer of alumina.
MO Altria Group, Inc., through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Philip Morris USA Inc. (PMUSA) and Philip Morris International Inc. (PMI), and its majority-owned subsidiary, Kraft Foods Inc., is engaged in the manufacture and sale of various consumer products, including cigarettes and foods and beverages. PMUSA is engaged in the manufacture and sale of cigarettes in the United States and its territories. PMI is a holding company whose subsidiaries and affiliates and their licensees are engaged primarily in the manufacture and sale of tobacco products internationally. Kraft is engaged in the manufacture and sale of branded foods and beverages in the United States, Canada, Europe, the Middle East and Africa, Latin America and Asia Pacific. Kraft conducts its global business through its subsidiaries, Kraft Foods North America, Inc. and Kraft Foods International, Inc. Philip Morris Capital Corporation, another wholly owned subsidiary of Altria, is primarily engaged in leasing activities.
APSA Alto Palermo S.A. is an Argentine real estate company. Its fundamental commercial objectives are the possession, development, administration, acquisition and construction of productive commercial centers. The Company operates in three business segments. The leases and services segment includes the operating results of the Company's shopping centers. This is principally comprised of lease and service revenues from tenants. The credit card operations segment manages the Company's portfolio of credit card accounts. The accounts are issued by its majority-owned subsidiary, Tarshop. The Others segment includes the sales and development of properties.
ATRS Altiris, Inc. is a provider of software products and services that enable organizations to manage information technology (IT) assets throughout their lifecycles. It develops, markets and supports software products designed to allow users to deploy and manage mission critical applications throughout the IT lifecycle on distributed Windows servers, desktop computers, notebook computers and handheld devices, as well as UNIX, Linux, Macintosh, RIM and Palm systems. The Company's primary product suites include client management, server management and asset management. The client management suite provides deployment and configuration management for client and mobile services; the server management suite provides deployment and configuration management for servers, and the asset management suite provides integrated inventory, fixed asset, contract management, total cost of ownership (TCO) reporting and incident management.
ATGN AltiGen Communications, Inc. designs, manufactures and markets next-generation, Internet protocol (IP) phone systems and contact centers that use both the Internet and the public telephone network to take advantage of the convergence of voice and data communications. The Company primarily offers the AltiServ product family of IP telephone systems and IP call center systems. Its direct customers primarily are distributors and resellers who sell its products to end-users. It has distribution agreements with AltiSys, Ingram Micro, Graybar and Synnex in the Americas. The Company's primary product offering includes AltiServ SmallOffice, AltiServ1 IP, AltiServ Office II, AltiServ Office III, AltiServ Contact Center, AltiContact Manager, AltiServ HPBX, Alti-IP 600 Internet Protocol Telephone, AltiTouch 500, AltiWare OE, AltiView, AltiAgent, AltiSupervisor, Triton IP Board, Triton T1, E1, T1/PRI Board, Triton Trunk Board, Triton Extension Board and Quantum Board.
ALTX.OB Altex Industries, Inc. is a holding company that through its operating subsidiary, owns interests, including working interests, in productive onshore oil and gas properties, buys and sells producing oil and gas properties, and, to a lesser extent, participates in the drilling of exploratory and development wells, and in recompletions of existing wells. The Company operates only one producing well and one field being abandoned as of fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004). All other interests are in properties operated by others.
ALTR Altera Corporation designs, manufactures, and markets programmable logic devices (PLDs), HardCopy devices, pre-defined design building blocks known as intellectual property (IP) cores and associated development tools. The Company's PLDs, which consist of field-programmable gate arrays and complex programmable logic devices, are semiconductor integrated circuits that are manufactured as standard chips that the Company's customers program to perform desired logic functions within their electronic systems. Altera's HardCopy devices enable its customers to move from a PLD to a low-cost, high-volume, non-programmable implementation of their designs. Customers can license IP cores from the Company for implementation of standard functions in their PLD designs. Customers develop, compile and verify their PLD designs, and then program their designs into Altera's PLDs using its proprietary development software, which operates on personal computers and engineering workstations.
ALT Alteon Inc. is a product-based biopharmaceutical company engaged in the discovery and development of small-molecule drugs to reverse or slow down diseases of aging and complications of diabetes. The Company's lead compound, alagebrium chloride (formerly ALT-711), is in clinical development, and several others are in earlier development stages. These pharmaceutical candidates were developed as a result of Alteon's research on the Advanced Glycation End-Products (A.G.E.) pathway, a pathological process and inevitable consequence of aging that causes or contributes to many medical disorders, including cardiovascular, kidney and eye diseases.
AAA Altana Group is a globally operating company that develops, manufactures and markets pharmaceutical and chemical products for a range of targeted, highly specialized applications. The Company's pharmaceuticals division develops therapeutics for the global pharmaceuticals markets with a strategic focus on unmet medical needs in the gastrointestinal and respiratory tract areas. Altana's pharmaceuticals business is mainly driven by Pantoprazole, a proton pump inhibitor. In addition, the Company's R&amp;D (research and development) pipeline contains two candidates for the treatment of asthma and other respiratory tract diseases: Alvesco (Ciclesonide) and Daxas (Roflumilast). Altana's chemicals division offers a portfolio of specialty chemicals, including additives and measuring instruments, can and coil coatings and sealing compounds, as well as electrical insulation coatings for use in a wide range of downstream applications.
ALTI Altair Nanotechnologies, Inc. has developed a technology platform for manufacturing a wide variety of nanomaterials and nano-based products. The Company can manufacture commercial quantities of a wide variety of these materials with narrow particle distribution sized from five nanometers to 1,000 nanometers. Altair is manufacturing metal oxide-based nanomaterials with applications in pharmaceuticals, titanium pigment, titanium metal and drug delivery. The Company's materials are being developed for potential applications in fuel cells, solar cells, advanced energy storage devices (batteries), thermal spray coatings, cosmetics and material protection. Altair US Holdings, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, owns Mineral Recovery Systems, Inc., Fine Gold Recovery Systems, Inc. and Tennessee Valley Titanium, Inc.
ALSM AlphaSmart, Inc. provides technology solutions for the education market that are designed to reduce the cost and complexity of computing devices used in the classroom. The Company targets the K-12 education market. AlphaSmart's solutions help students improve fundamental academic and computing skills by providing easy-to-use devices that engage students in the learning process and focus them on relevant tasks. The AlphaSmart solutions comprise two platforms, the AlphaSmart 3000 and Dana by AlphaSmart. Each platform includes a device with keyboard and display and incorporates a number of supporting product categories, including licensed and third-party software applications and management tools.
APTD.OB AlphaTrade.com provides real-time financial market data, fundamental research, news and charting to professional, institutional and individual investors through the Internet. The Company disseminates news and third-party database information from more than 45 sources worldwide. AlphaTrade.com has a multi-lingual, browser-based suite of applications called E-Gate. E-Gate combines real-time, streaming stock market data with key fundamental data within these applications. All of the applications are easily personalized by each subscriber for quick access to relevant stock market information. The Company also offers a customized E-Gate product to corporate customers primarily in market segments, such as banking, insurance, mutual funds, brokerage firms, public relations and financially oriented Websites. E-Gate is rapidly integrated into corporate Websites and can be utilized as value added services to attract new customers and maintain the loyalty of existing customers.
ATGI Alpha Technologies Group, Inc. designs, extrudes, fabricates and sells thermal management and non-thermal fabricated products for use in a variety of industries, including automotive, telecommunication, industrial controls, transportation, power supply, factory automation, consumer electronics, aerospace, defense and microprocessor industries. Alpha extrudes aluminum for its use in the production of thermal management and non-thermal fabricated products and sells aluminum extrusions to a variety of industries, including the construction, sporting goods and other leisure activity markets. The Company's business is conducted through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Wakefield Thermal Solutions, Inc., Specialty Extrusion Corp. and Lockhart Industries, Inc. The principal customers for Alpha's products are original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) and contract manufacturers of electronic equipment.
APT Alpha Pro Tech, Ltd. (APT) develops, manufactures and markets a line of disposable protective apparel for the cleanroom, industrial, pharmaceutical, medical and dental markets. Its products are primarily sold under the Alpha Pro Tech brand name, but are also sold for use under private label. The Company's products are classified into four groups: disposable protective apparel, consisting of a complete line of shoecovers, headcovers, gowns, coveralls and lab coats; infection control products, consisting of a line of face masks and face shields; extended care products, consisting of a line of mattress overlays, wheelchair covers, geriatric chair surfaces, operating room table surfaces and pediatric surfaces, and consumer products, consisting of a line of pet bedding and pet toys.
ALPN.OB Alpena Bancshares, Inc. is a holding company that conducts business principally through its wholly owned subsidiary, First Federal of Northern Michigan (the Bank), a federally chartered savings bank. The Company has substantially no independent operations separate from its role as holding company for the Bank. The Bank is primarily engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public in the Bank's market area and investing such deposits in one- to four-family residential real estate mortgages, commercial real estate loans and consumer loans. The Bank conducts its operations from eight full-service facilities located in Cheboygan, Alpena, Iosco, Otsego, Montmorency and Oscoda Counties, Michigan. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company had total assets of $223.9 million.
ALNY Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Alnylam) is an early stage, biopharmaceutical company seeking to develop and commercialize therapeutics based on a biological pathway, RNA interference (RNAi). The Company has initiated programs to develop RNAi therapeutics that will be administered directly to sites of disease (direct RNAi therapeutics). Alnylam's direct RNAi programs are focused on age-related macular degeneration (AMD) and Parkinson's disease (PD). The Company expects to initiate a clinical trial for its lead AMD product candidate in 2005. Alnylam is also working to extend its capabilities to enable the development of RNAi therapeutics that travel through the blood stream to reach sites of disease (systemic RNAi therapeutics). Alnylam Pharmaceuticals, Inc. acquired Ribopharma AG in July 2003.
AFAM Almost Family, Inc., together with its subsidiaries, is a regional provider of home health nursing services and adult day health services. The Company operates in two business segments: Visiting Nurses and Adult Day Health Services (ADHS). Almost Family's Visiting Nurse segment provides skilled medical services in patients' homes largely to enable recipients to reduce or avoid periods of hospitalization and/or nursing home care. Its ADHS segment is made up of its Adult Day Care (ADC) in-center operations and in-home personal care operations, both of which provide long-term healthcare and custodial services that enable recipients to avoid nursing home admission.
AT Alltel Corporation is a communications company that owns subsidiaries that provide wireless and wireline local, long-distance, network access and Internet services. Telecommunications products are warehoused and sold by the Company's distribution subsidiary. Another subsidiary also publishes telephone directories for affiliates and other independent telephone companies. In addition, a different subsidiary provides billing, customer care and other data processing and outsourcing services to telecommunications companies. The Company's communications operations consist of its wireless, wireline and communications support services segments. Alltel's wireless segment consists of its cellular, personal communications services and paging operations. The wireline segment consists of its incumbent local exchange carrier, competitive local exchange carrier and Internet access operations.
ALL The Allstate Corporation serves as the holding company for Allstate Insurance Company. Its business is conducted principally through Allstate Insurance Company, Allstate Life Insurance Company and their affiliates. Allstate is engaged, principally in the United States and Canada, in the property-liability insurance, life insurance and investment product businesses. Allstate's primary business is the sale of private passenger auto and homeowner's insurance. The Company also sells a variety of other personal property and casualty insurance products, life insurance, investment and retirement products, and selected commercial property and casualty coverages. Allstate primarily distributes its products through approximately 12,900 exclusive agencies and financial specialists and approximately 14,200 independent agencies.
MDRX Allscripts Healthcare Solutions, Inc. is a provider of clinical software and information solutions for physicians. The Company's key offerings fall into three business segments. The software and services segment is comprised primarily of the TouchWorks software business and the Advanced Imaging Concepts, Inc. (AIC) electronic document imaging and scanning solutions business. AIC was aquired by the Company in August 2003. The information services segment is comprised primarily of the Physicians Interactive (PI) business and the operations of RxCentric Inc., which was also acquired by the Company in August 2003. PI links physicians with pharmaceutical companies, managed care and medical suppliers using interactive education sessions to provide product information to the physician. The prepackaged medications segment is comprised of the Allscripts Direct business. Allscripts Direct provides point-of-care medication management solutions for physicians and other healthcare providers.
ALOY Alloy, Inc. is a media, marketing services, direct marketing and retail company that targets Generation Y, the approximately 60 million boys and girls in the United States between the ages of 10 and 24. Alloy's business integrates direct mail catalogs, retail stores, print media, display media boards, Websites, on-campus marketing programs and promotional events, and features a portfolio of brands that are known among Generation Y consumers and advertisers. The Company reaches a significant portion of Generation Y consumers through its various media assets, marketing service programs, direct marketing activities, and retail stores. Alloy sells third-party branded and private-label products in key Generation Y spending categories, including apparel, action sports equipment and accessories, directly to the youth market. In addition, the Company has built a database that includes information about approximately 26 million Generation Y consumers.
ALTH Allos Therapeutics, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing small molecule drugs for improving cancer treatments. Small molecule drugs, in general, are non-protein products produced by chemical synthesis rather than biological methods. Allos strives to develop drugs that improve the treatment of cancer and enhance the power of current therapies. As of December 31, 2003, it had two product candidates that are under development, RSR13 (efaproxiral) and PDX (10-propargyl-10-deazaaminopterin). RSR13 is a synthetic small molecule designed to "sensitize" hypoxic areas of tumors prior to radiation therapy by facilitating the release of oxygen from hemoglobin, the oxygen-carrying protein contained within red blood cells and increasing the level of oxygen in tumors. PDX is an injectable small molecule chemotherapeutic agent.
AFC Allmerica Financial Corporation is a non-insurance holding company that provides financial products and services in the United States, as well as in the District of Columbia. The Company conducts its business principally in three operating segments: Property and Casualty, Allmerica Financial Services (AFS) and Asset Management. The Property and Casualty segment underwrites personal and commercial property and casualty insurance coverage. The AFS segment includes the individual financial products and the group retirement products and services businesses of Allmerica Financial Life Insurance and Annuity Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Financial Life Insurance Company, as well as its broker/dealer and registered investment advisor affiliates. The Asset Management segment includes the businesses of Opus Investment Management, Inc and AMGRO, Inc.
ALY Allis-Chalmers Energy Inc., formerly Allis-Chalmers Corporation is an investment holding company that operates through its subsidiaries in the oil and natural gas drilling services industry. In May 2001, the Company consummated a merger in which it acquired OilQuip Rentals, Inc. (OilQuip) and its wholly owned subsidiary, Mountain Compressed Air, Inc. (Mountain Air), in exchange for shares of Allis-chambers' common stock. In February 2002, the Company acquired approximately 81% of the capital stock of Jens' Oilfield Service, Inc. (Jens') and substantially all of the capital stock of Strata Directional Technology, Inc. (Strata). The Company operates in the oil and natural gas drilling services industry through Mountain Air, AirComp LLC (Aircomp), Jens' and Strata. In December 2004, the Company acquired all the equity interests in Downhole Injection Systems, LLC (DIS)
ALLN.OB Allin Corporation is a provider of solutions-oriented applications development, technology infrastructure consulting and systems integration services. The Company specializes in solutions based on interactive media and technology from Microsoft Corporation. Its operations center on three solution areas: interactive media, technology infrastructure and e-business. The Company's operations include three additional segments: outsourced services, information system product sales and other services. As of December 31, 2003, it had five subsidiaries: Allin Interactive Corporation; Allin Corporation of California; Allin Consulting of Pennsylvania, Inc. and Allin Network Products, Inc., which are operating subsidiaries focusing on different aspects of the applications development, technology infrastructure consulting and systems integration services provided by the Company, and Allin Holdings Corporation, a non-operating subsidiary that provides treasury management services to the Company.
AW Allied Waste Industries, Inc. is a non-hazardous solid waste management company in the United States that provides collection, transfer, recycling and disposal services for approximately 10 million residential, commercial and industrial customers. The Company serves its customers through a network of 313 collection companies, 165 transfer stations, 166 active landfills and 57 recycling facilities in 110 major markets within 37 states. It operates only in the United States and Puerto Rico, and its services entail picking up waste from businesses and residences and disposing of that waste in its own landfills.
AMOT Allied Motion Technologies, Inc. is engaged in the business of designing, manufacturing and selling motor and servo motion products to the commercial motor, industrial motion control and aerospace and defense markets. The Company is organized into three subsidiaries: Emoteq Corporation, Computer Optical Products, Inc. and Motor Products Corporation. It was also engaged in designing, manufacturing and selling advanced systems and instrumentation to the worldwide power and process industries. On July 29, 2002, the Company sold its Power and Process Business, and in March 2003, finalized the sale of the Calibrator Business, completing the sale of all its Power and Process Business, and focusing on the motor and motion products markets. On February 10, 2004, the Company signed a merger agreement to acquire Owosso Corporation located in Watertown, New York. The Company operates primarily in the United States and United Kingdom.
AIB Allied Irish Banks, plc (AIB) provides a diverse range of banking, financial and related services, principally in Ireland, the United States, the United Kingdom and Poland. AIB has 289 branches and outlets in the Republic of Ireland. In Northern Ireland, through its wholly owned subsidiary AIB Group (UK) p.l.c., which trades there as First Trust Bank, the Company operates from approximately 60 branches and outlets. In Britain, AIB Group (UK) p.l.c. provides a range of banking services through 34 branches and nine development offices. AIB's direct presence in the United States is carried out in the Corporate Banking, Treasury and Not For Profit businesses based in NewYork, with offices in a number of other principal United States cities. In Poland, the Company operates from approximately 400 branches and outlets. AIB's activities are conducted through four major operating divisions: AIB Bank Republic of Ireland, AIB Bank Great Britain and Northern Ireland, Capital Markets and Poland.
AHI Allied Holdings, Inc. is a holding company that operates through its wholly owned subsidiaries. The Company's principal operating subsidiaries are Allied Automotive Group, Inc. and Axis Group, Inc. Allied Automotive Group specializes in the transportation of automobiles, sport utility vehicles and light trucks, utilizing specialized tractor trailers, and serves and supports domestic and foreign automotive manufacturers in North America. The Axis Group provides distribution services to the new and used finished vehicle distribution markets and other segments of the automotive industry that complement the Automotive Group's services.
AHCI Allied Healthcare International Inc. is a provider of flexible or temporary healthcare staffing services, including nursing and ancillary services, to the United Kingdom healthcare industry. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Company operated an integrated network of 125 branches throughout most of the United Kingdom. The healthcare staff consists of nurses, nurse's aides and home health aides (known as carers in the United Kingdom). It focuses on placing its staff on a per diem basis in hospitals, nursing homes, care homes and private homes. Allied Healthcare maintains a pool of over 25,000 nurses, nurse's aides and home health aides, over 22,000 of whom were placed in fiscal 2004. The healthcare staffing business accounted for 97.6% of the Company's revenues in fiscal 2004.
AHPI Allied Healthcare Products, Inc. (Allied) manufactures a variety of respiratory products used in the healthcare industry in a wide range of hospital and alternate site settings, including sub-acute care facilities, home healthcare and emergency medical care. The Company's product lines include respiratory care products (respiratory care/anesthesia products and home respiratory care products), medical gas equipment (medical gas system construction products, medical gas system regulation devices, disposable oxygen and specialty gas cylinders, and portable suction equipment) and emergency medical products (respiratory/resuscitation products, and trauma and patient handling products). The Company's products are marketed to hospitals, hospital equipment dealers, hospital construction contractors, home healthcare dealers, emergency medical products dealers and others.
AED Allied Domecq PLC is an international spirits and wine group and a global food service business. The Company has two core businesses, Spirits and Wine, and Quick Service Restaurants (QSR). The Spirits and Wine business manufactures, markets and sells a portfolio of premium branded spirits and wines. Premium distilled brands include Ballantine's Scotch whisky, Kahlua liqueur, Malibu coconut-flavored rum-based spirit, Beefeater gin, Canadian Club whisky, Sauza tequila, Courvoisier cognac, Tia Maria liqueur and Maker's Mark bourbon. The Spirits and Wine business operates through a global distribution network in over 50 countries. The QSR business operates an international franchise business that comprises over 10,000 outlets. The QSR business is comprised of Dunkin' Donuts, a coffee and baked goods chain; Baskin-Robbins, an ice cream franchise; and Togo's, a sandwich chain operating principally in the West coast of the United States.
ADG The Allied Defense Group, Inc. owns and manages a strategic portfolio of defense and security businesses, with presence in worldwide markets. It provides management, marketing services and government relations for its subsidiaries. In addition, Allied also provides export licensing, procurement and logistic support services for its subsidiaries. Its strategic defense and security businesses are conducted through MECAR S.A., a group of Belgian corporations acquired in 1994, 1995 and 1999 consisting of VSK Electronics N.V., Tele Technique Generale, S.A., Intelligent Data Capturing Systems, S.A. and VIGITEC, S.A. (collectively, the VSK Group), News/Sports Microwave Rental Inc. (NS Microwave), Titan Dynamics Systems, Inc. (Titan Dynamics) and SeaSpace Corporation (SeaSpace). In late 2003, the Company organized MECAR USA, Inc.
ALD Allied Capital Corporation is a business development company that provides long-term debt and equity investment capital to companies in a variety of industries. Its lending and investment activity is generally focused on private finance and commercial real estate finance, primarily the investment in non-investment grade commercial mortgage-backed securities and collateralized debt obligation bonds and preferred shares. The Company's private finance activity principally involves providing financing through privately negotiated long-term debt and equity investment capital. Allied's private financing is generally used to fund growth, acquisitions, buyouts, recapitalizations, note purchases, bridge financings and other types of financings. In January 2005, the Company completed the buyout of Insight Pharmaceuticals Corporation.
AZ The Allianz Group (Allianz) is a global services provider in insurance, banking and asset management. It serves customers in approximately 70 countries. On the insurance side, it has a presence in Germany and worldwide. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company earned total premium income of approximately 85 billion euros. The Company is also engaged in asset management worldwide, with approximately 1 trillion euros in asset under management as of December 31, 2003. In 2002, the Company finalized the acquisition of Dresdner Bank. Allianz and Dresdner Bank have joined forces in the German market with the aim to exploit opportunities in long-term savings and pension products via a multi-channel distribution model. Due to its increasing international focus, Allianz became the first German financial services provider to have its shares listed on the New York Stock Exchange, where they have been trading since November 3, 2000 in the form of American Depositary Receipts (ADR).
ATK Alliant Techsystems Inc. (ATK) is a supplier of aerospace and defense products to the United States Government, United States allies and prime contractors. ATK is also a supplier of ammunition to federal and local law enforcement agencies and commercial markets. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004 (fiscal 2004), ATK operated through three operating segments: Aerospace, Ammunition and Precision Systems. In fiscal 2004, the Aerospace segment generated about 42% of the Company's total sales; the Ammunition segment represented approximately 32%, and the Precision Systems segment generated approximately 26%.
LNT Alliant Energy Corporation is a holding company that provides energy products and services, as well as industrial services, such as environmental, engineering and transportation services. The primary first tier subsidiaries of Alliant Energy include Interstate Power and Light Company, Wisconsin Power and Light Company, Alliant Energy Resources Inc. and Alliant Energy Corporate Services Inc. Alliant Energy realized 48%, 47%, 3% and 2% of its 2003 electric utility revenues in Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Illinois, respectively. Approximately 90% of the electric revenues were regulated by the respective state commissions, while the other 10% were regulated by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Alliant Energy realized 48%, 47%, 3% and 2% of its 2003 gas utility revenues in Iowa, Wisconsin, Minnesota and Illinois, respectively.
ALSC Alliance Semiconductor Corporation is a provider of analog and mixed-signal products, high-performance memory products and system solutions for the communications computing, embedded, industrial and consumer markets. It also provides original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) with a portfolio of complementary technologies, including chip-to-chip connectivity products and networking controllers. In January 2003, Alliance completed the acquisition of Chip Engines, Inc., a development stage company that designs semiconductor products for the networking, communications, cable and storage markets. The Company's primary customers are domestic and international manufacturers of personal computer (PC) and computer peripherals, consumer, networking, telecommunications and wireless products, including Sony, ZTE, Cisco, Nortel, Lucent, AFC, Compal, Wistron and Quanta. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004 (fiscal 2004), no single customer accounted for more than 10% of net revenues.
ARLP Alliance Resource Partners, LP is a diversified producer and marketer of coal to United States utilities and industrial users. Its mining activities are organized into three operating regions: the Illinois Basin operations, the East Kentucky operations and the Maryland operations. The Company also hosts and operates a coal synfuel facility, supplies the facility with coal feedstock, assists with the marketing of coal synfuel and provides other services to the owner of the synfuel facility. At December 31, 2003, Alliance Resource had approximately 418.4 million tons of reserves in Illinois, Indiana, Kentucky, Maryland and West Virginia. During the year ended December 31, 2003, approximately 89% of its medium- and high-sulfur coal was sold to utility plants with installed pollution control devices, also known as scrubbers, to remove sulfur dioxide. In February 2003, Alliance Resource acquired Warrior from an affiliate, ARH Warrior Holdings, Inc. (ARH Warrior Holdings).
ALLP.OB Alliance Pharmaceutical Corp. (Alliance) is a pharmaceutical research and development company that is focused on developing its lead product, Oxygent, an intravascular oxygen carrier designed to reduce the need for donor blood in surgical and other patients at risk of acute tissue hypoxia (oxygen deficiency). In addition, through its subsidiary, Astral, Inc. (Astral), the Company is developing intellectual property and know-how for potential products to treat immune disorders, including autoimmune disease, cancer and infectious disease. Oxygent (perflubron emulsion) is an intravascular oxygen carrier being developed to augment oxygen delivery in surgical and other patients at risk of acute tissue oxygen deficit. It is intended to provide oxygen to tissues during elective surgeries where a blood transfusion is anticipated. Astral is engaged in the development of immunoglobulins that are engineered to bear specific disease-associated peptides.
AIQ Alliance Imaging, Inc. is a national provider of diagnostic imaging services primarily to hospitals and other healthcare providers on a shared and full-time service basis, in addition to operating a number of free-standing imaging centers. The Company's services normally include the use of its imaging systems, technologists to operate the systems, equipment maintenance and upgrades and management of day-to-day operations. It also offers ancillary services, including marketing support, education and training and billing assistance. Alliance Imaging had 472 diagnostic imaging systems, including 363 magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) systems and 1,344 clients in 44 states at December 31, 2003. The Company's MRI services accounted for 77% of total revenues in 2003 and positron emission tomography accounted for 13%.
AGI Alliance Gaming Corporation is a diversified, worldwide gaming company that designs, manufactures and distributes gaming machines and computerized monitoring systems for gaming machines. It also designs, integrates and sells highly specialized computerized monitoring systems that provide casinos with networked accounting and security services for their gaming machines with over 240,000 game monitoring units installed worldwide. The Company conducts its gaming operations under the name Bally Gaming and Systems. Alliance Gaming also owns and operates a dockside casino in Vicksburg, Mississippi, and a locals casino in Sparks, Nevada, which, together, have approximately 23 table games and approximately 1,500 gaming devices.
ALNC Alliance Financial Corporation is a bank holding company, which owns and operates Alliance Bank, N.A. (the Bank) and Alliance Financial Capital Trust I. The Company provides financial services through its Bank subsidiary, primarily to individuals, small- to medium-sized businesses and government customers from 18 customer service facilities in Cortland, Madison, western Oneida and Onondaga counties in New York. Alliance Financial Capital Trust I was formed for the purpose of issuing corporation-obligated mandatorily redeemable capital securities to third-party investors and investing the proceeds from the sale of such capital securities solely in junior subordinated debt securities of the Company. The Bank has a substantially wholly owned subsidiary, Alliance Preferred Funding Corp., which is engaged in residential real estate activities and a wholly owned subsidiary, Alliance Leasing, Inc., which is engaged in commercial leasing.
AFOP Alliance Fiber Optic Products, Inc. (AFOP) designs, manufactures and markets a range of high-performance fiber optic components and integrated modules incorporating these components for leading and emerging communications equipment manufacturers. The Company offers products, including interconnect devices that are used to connect optical fibers and components, couplers and splitters that are used to divide and combine optical power and dense wavelength division multiplexing (DWDM) devices that separate and combine multiple specific wavelengths. Customers deploy the Company's products in long-haul networks that connect cities, metropolitan networks that connect areas within cities, last-mile access networks that connect to individual businesses, homes and enterprise networks within businesses.
ADS Alliance Data Systems Corporation is a provider of transaction services, credit services and marketing services in North America. The Company focuses on facilitating and managing electronic transactions between its clients and their customers through multiple distribution channels, including in-store, catalog and the Internet. Its credit and marketing services are designed to assist clients in identifying and acquiring new customers, as well as helping to increase the loyalty and profitability of their existing customers. The Company has a client base in excess of 300 companies, consisting mostly of specialty retailers, petroleum retailers, utilities, supermarkets and financial services companies. It generally has long-term relationships with its clients, with contracts typically ranging from three to five years in duration.
AC Alliance Capital Management Holding L.P. provides diversified investment management and related services globally to a range of clients, including institutional investors, private clients, individual investors and institutional investors desiring institutional research services. The Company and its subsidiaries also provide investment management, distribution and/or shareholder and administrative services to Alliance Mutual Funds. Alliance Capital delivers an offering of investment products with expertise in both growth- and value-oriented strategies, as well as a fixed-income capability in both taxable and tax exempt securities. The product line includes international, global and emerging markets services, as well as local and regional services in major markets around the world. Alliance Capital uses internal fundamental and quantitative research as the key to its investment process across all investment disciplines.
ABVA Alliance Bankshares Corporation is a single-bank holding company headquartered in Chantilly, Virginia. It acquired Alliance Bank Corporation (Alliance Bank) on August 16, 2002. Alliance Bank is a state-chartered commercial bank. Alliance Home Funding, LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Alliance Bank, opened, in July 2001, to pursue and execute the Company's initiative of engaging in mortgage banking. Alliance Bankshares has five full-service banking offices in Northern Virginia, and three mortgage origination offices in the Washington DC metropolitan area. It provides customized banking solutions to small and medium-sized businesses, entrepreneurs, professionals, consumers and high-net-worth individuals. Its products include a broad array of commercial and retail banking services and products, including commercial, real estate, home equity and consumer loans and checking, savings, money market and certificate of deposit accounts.
ABNS.OB Alliance Bancshares California (Bancshares) is a bank-holding company. Bancshares has one bank subsidiary, Alliance Bank (the Bank), and one non-bank subsidiary, Alliance Bancshares California Capital Trust I (the Trust). The Trust was formed to issue trust-preferred securities. Bancshares operates exclusively through the Bank, and the capital stock of the Bank is its principal asset. Bancshares is a relationship-oriented business bank targeting the borrowing and other banking needs of small to medium-sized businesses, builders and professionals in Southern California. It offers secured and unsecured commercial term loans and lines of credit, construction loans for individual and tract single-family homes, and for commercial and multi-family properties, accounts receivable and equipment loans, small business administration (SBA) loans and home equity lines of credit. The Company also offers a variety of deposit accounts, cash management products and other banking services.
AACB Alliance Atlantis Communications Inc. (Alliance) is a vertically integrated media company. Its principal business activities are conducted through three operating groups: the Broadcast Group, the Motion Picture Distribution Group and the Entertainment Group. The Broadcast Group is an owner and operator of specialty television channels in Canada through its ownership in 17 complementary specialty channels. Motion Picture Distribution Group is engaged in the distribution of motion pictures and television programs. The Entertainment Group's activities include television and feature film production, and acquisition and the international distribution of television productions and features.
ALE ALLETE, Inc. generates, transmits, distributes and markets electrical power for retail and wholesale customers in the Upper Midwest. The Company also operates a real estate business, primarily through some of its wholly owned subsidiaries, and invests in emerging technologies related to the electric utility industry. In October 2003, it announced plans to spin-off to shareholders its Automotive Services business, which become a publicly traded company doing business as ADESA, Inc. The spin-off aims to maximize the long-term value of each business by creating two separate, focused companies. ALLETE operates across 42 states of the United States, nine Canadian provinces and in Mexico.
ALRG.OB Allergy Research Group, Inc. develops, contract manufactures, markets and sells branded and private label products, including vitamins and nutritional supplements, throughout the world under the NutriCology and Allergy Research Group labels. The Company's vitamin and nutritional supplement line consists of more than 200 products. Its product catalog includes the following categories: Amino Acids, Antioxidant Formulas, Bioenergetic Nutrients, Bioflavonoids, Brain Support Products, Comprehensive Nutrient Formulas, Essential Fatty Acids, Gastrointestinal Health Products, Immune Support Products, Liver Support Products, Multiple Vitamin/Mineral Formulas, Musculoskeletal Support Products, Organic Glandulars, Selenium Products, Specialty Products, Vitamin B Products and Vitamin C Products. Allergy Research supplies its products to approximately 4,000 physicians and healthcare practitioners worldwide.
AGN Allergan, Inc. is a global healthcare company that develops and commercializes specialty pharmaceutical products for the ophthalmic, neurological, dermatological and other specialty markets. The Company operates in specialty pharmaceutical research, targeting products and technologies related to specific disease areas such as glaucoma, retinal disease, dry eye, psoriasis, acne and movement disorders. In addition, it develops and markets aesthetic-related pharmaceuticals and over-the-counter products. Allergan also focuses on research and development efforts on new therapeutic areas, including gastroenterology, neuropathic pain and various types of cancer.
AORGB Allen Organ Company and Subsidiaries is a manufacturer of musical instruments, data communications, electronic assemblies and audio equipment. The Company operates in four industry segments: Musical Instruments, Data Communications, Electronic Assemblies and Audio Equipment. Allen Organ Company manufactures electronic keyboard musical instruments, primarily digital church organs and accessories. ERI designs and markets data networking products enabling network service providers to deliver services to their customers. LAI designs, manufactures and markets audio speaker cabinets for hi-fi stereo and home theater applications. It also markets electronic audio equipment, such as amplifiers, that are manufactured to its specifications by third party suppliers. Allen Integrated Assemblies provides subcontract manufacture of electronic assemblies for outside customers.
ATI Allegheny Technologies Incorporated (ATI) is a diversified producer of specialty materials. The Company operates in three business segments: flat-rolled products, high-performance metals and industrial products. The flat-rolled products segment produces, converts and distributes stainless steel, nickel-based alloys and super-alloys and titanium and titanium-based alloys. The high-performance metals segment produces, converts and distributes nickel- and cobalt-based alloys and super-alloys, titanium and titanium-based alloys, zirconium, hafnium, niobium, tantalum, their related alloys and other specialty materials. The industrial products segment's principal business produces tungsten powder, tungsten carbide materials and carbide cutting tools. This segment also produces large grey and ductile iron castings and carbon alloy steel forgings.
AYE Allegheny Energy Inc. (AE) is a utility holding company that operates in the core businesses of electricity generation, and transmission and distribution. AE's operations are aligned into two segments: the Generation and Marketing segment, which comprises its power generation operations, and the Delivery and Services segment, which comprises its regulated electric and natural gas transmission and distribution (T&amp;D) operations and other unregulated operations not related to power generation and T&amp;D. The principal companies and operations comprising the Generation and Marketing segment are Allegheny Energy Supply Co. LLC; the West Virginia jurisdictional generating assets of Monongahela Power Co., which produce electricity for Monongahela's West Virginia customers, and Allegheny Generating Company. Allegheny carries on its T&amp;D business through Monongahela, The Potomac Edison Company and West Penn Power Company.
Y Alleghany Corporation is engaged, through its subsidiary, Alleghany Insurance Holdings LLC, and its subsidiaries, RSUI Group, Inc., Capitol Transamerica Corporation, Darwin Professional Underwriters, Inc. and Platte River Insurance Company, in the property and casualty and fidelity and surety insurance businesses. Through its subsidiaries, World Minerals Inc., Celite Corporation and Harborlite Corporation and their subsidiaries, Alleghany is engaged in the industrial minerals business. Alleghany also conducts a steel fastener importing and distribution business through its subsidiary, Heads &amp; Threads International LLC. Through its subsidiary, Alleghany Properties, Inc., the Company owns and manages properties in California. In December 2004, the Company merged its industrial fasteners business Heads &amp; Threads International LLC with an acquisition vehicle formed by a private investor group led by Heads &amp; Threads management and Capital Partners, Inc. of Greenwich, Connecticut.
AASP.OB All-American Sportpark, Inc. (AASP) operates a golf facility, called the Callaway Golf Center (CGC), on approximately 42 acres of land on Las Vegas Boulevard in Las Vegas, Nevada. CGC, which opened to the public on October 1, 1997, includes a 110-station, two-tiered driving range. The driving range is designed to have the appearance of an actual golf course with 10 impact greens, waterfall features and an island green. In addition, the CGC includes a lighted nine hole, par three golf course named the Divine Nine. The golf course has been designed to be challenging and has several water features including lakes, creeks, water rapids and waterfalls, golf cart paths and designated practice putting and chipping areas.
SEMI All American Semiconductor, Inc. and its subsidiaries are distributors of electronic components manufactured by others. These products are sold primarily to equipment manufacturers in a range of industries including manufacturers of computers and computer-related products, home office and portable equipment, networking, satellite, wireless and other communications products, Internet infrastructure equipment and appliances, automobiles, consumer goods, voting and gaming machines, point-of-sale equipment, robotics and industrial equipment, defense and aerospace equipment, medical instrumentation and electronics manufacturing services providers. The Company's products are active/passive components, flat panel display products and memory modules.
ALKS Alkermes, Inc. is a pharmaceutical company that develops products based on drug delivery technologies to enhance therapeutic outcomes in major diseases. The Company's lead commercial product, Risperdal Consta (risperidone), is a long-acting atypical antipsychotic medication approved for use in schizophrenia and is marketed worldwide by Janssen-Cilag (Janssen), a division of Johnson &amp; Johnson. Alkermes' lead product candidate, Vivitrex (naltrexone), is a once-a-month injection for the treatment of alcohol dependence. The Company has a pipeline of extended-release injectable and pulmonary drug products based on its own technologies and expertise, ProLease and Medisorb for extended-release of injectable drug products and AIR technology for inhaled drug products.
ALGN Align Technology, Inc. is engaged in the design, manufacture and marketing of Invisalign, a proprietary system for treating malocclusion, or the misalignment of teeth. The Invisalign product has two components, ClinCheck and Aligners. ClinCheck is an Internet-based application that allows dental professionals to simulate treatment, in three dimensions, by modeling two-week stages of tooth movement. Aligners are thin, clear plastic, removable dental appliances that are manufactured in a series to correspond to each two-week stage of the ClinCheck simulation. Aligners are customized to perform the treatment prescribed for an individual patient by dental professionals using ClinCheck. The Company has also developed a number of proprietary processes and technologies, including complex software solutions, computed tomography (CT scanning), stereolithography and automated Aligner fabrication.
ALCO Alico, Inc. is involved in various operations and activities, including citrus fruit production, cattle ranching, sugarcane and sod production, and forestry. The Company also leases land for farming, cattle grazing, recreation and oil exploration. The Company's land is managed for multiple uses, wherever possible. Cattle ranching, forestry and land leased for farming, grazing, recreation and oil exploration, in some instances, utilize the same acreage. Agricultural operations have combined to produce from 90% to 95% of annual operating revenues since fiscal 2000. Citrus groves generate the most gross operating revenue. Sugarcane ranks second in operating revenue production. While the cattle ranching operation utilizes the largest acreage, it ranks third in the production of operating revenue. Leasing of lands for rock mining, and oil and mineral exploration, rental of land for grazing, farming, recreation and other uses, contributed 5% to 9% of annual operating revenue.
ACEL Alfacell Corporation (Alfacell) is a biopharmaceutical company primarily engaged in the discovery and development of a new therapeutic class of drugs for the treatment of cancer and other pathological conditions. Based on its Ribonuclease (RNase) technology platform, the Company's drug discovery and development program consists of novel therapeutics developed from amphibian ribonucleases. These primordial enzymes play important roles in nature. They mediate several essential biological activities, including regulation of cell proliferation, maturation, differentiation and cell death. Therefore, they are ideal candidates for the development of therapeutics for cancer and other life-threatening diseases, including HIV (human immunodeficiency virus) and autoimmune diseases, which require anti-proliferative and apoptotic or programmed cell death, properties.
TYBR.OB Alfa International Corp. (Alfa) is a holding company that conducts substantially all of its operations through its two wholly owned subsidiaries, Contact Sports, Inc. (Contact) and Ty-Breakers Corp. In September 2001, Alfa acquired Contact as a wholly owned subsidiary. Contact has developed a collection of tee shirt designs covering sports and a line of sweatsuits, jackets and outerwear. During the year ended December 31, 2003, Contact opened a showroom in New York City at the Empire State Building. Ty-Breakers Corp. markets custom-printed Tyvek and Kensel apparel as promotional products. Other custom Tyvek products include hats, bags, aprons and banners.
ALFA Alfa Corporation is a financial services holding company that operates predominantly in the insurance industry through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Alfa Life Insurance Corporation (Life), Alfa Insurance Corporation (AIC), Alfa General Insurance Corporation (AGIC), Alfa Agency Mississippi, Inc. and Alfa Agency Georgia, Inc. The Company conducts its business through three segments: property and casualty insurance, life insurance and non-insurance business (composed of consumer financing, commercial leasing, residential and commercial construction and real estate sales). Alfa is affiliated with Alfa Mutual Insurance Company (Mutual), Alfa Mutual Fire Insurance Company and Alfa Mutual General Insurance Company. In January 2005, the Company acquired The Vision Insurance Group, LLC, a managing general agent.
ALXN Alexion Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (API) is engaged in the discovery and development of therapeutic products to treat patients with a wide array of severe disease states, including hematologic, cardiovascular and autoimmune disorders. Since inception, the Company has devoted substantially all of its resources to drug discovery, research and product and clinical development. The Company's significant expertise in the discovery and development of antibody therapeutics, as well as in understanding and inhibiting the aberrant manifestation of a component of the human immune system known as complement. Anti-bodies are proteins that bind specifically to selected targets or antigens in the body. After the anti-body binds to its target it may activate the body's immune system against the target, block activities of the target or stimulate activities of the target.
ARE Alexandria Real Estate Equities, Inc. is a real estate investment trust engaged primarily in the ownership, operation, management, acquisition, expansion and selective redevelopment and development of high quality, strategically located properties containing office and laboratory space designed and improved for lease principally to pharmaceutical, biotechnology, life science product and services companies, not-for-profit scientific research institutions, universities and related government agencies (collectively, the life science industry). Properties leased to tenants in the life science industry typically consist of suburban office buildings containing scientific research and development laboratories and other improvements that are generic to tenants operating in the life science industry. As of December 31, 2003, the Company owned 89 properties in the United States with approximately 5.7 million rentable square feet of office and laboratory space.
ALX Alexander's, Inc. is a real estate investment trust engaged in leasing, managing, developing and redeveloping properties through its manager, Vornado Realty Trust. The Company has six properties in the greater New York City metropolitan area. Its operating properties are the Kings Plaza Regional Shopping Center, located on Flatbush Avenue in Brooklyn, New York; the Rego Park I property, located on Queens Boulevard and 63 Road in Queens, New York; the Paramus property in Paramus, New Jersey; and the Flushing property, located at Roosevelt Avenue and Main Street in Flushing, New York. The Company's property being developed is the Lexington Avenue property, which consists of the entire square block bounded by Lexington Avenue, East 59 Street, Third Avenue and East 58 Street in Manhattan, New York. Alexander's has yet to begin development of its Rego Park II property, which consists of 1.5 square blocks of vacant land adjacent to the Rego Park I property.
ALEX Alexander &amp; Baldwin, Inc. (A&amp;B) is a diversified corporation with most of its operations centered in Hawaii. A&amp;B's transportation services include carrying freight, primarily between various ports on the United States Pacific Coast and major Hawaii ports and Guam; chartering vessels to third parties; arranging intermodal and motor carrier services and providing logistics services in North America, and providing terminal, stevedoring and container equipment maintenance services in Hawaii. Its property development and management involves the purchasing, developing, selling, managing, leasing and investing in commercial and residential properties. In the food products industry, the Company is engaged in growing sugar cane and coffee in Hawaii; producing bulk raw sugar, specialty food-grade sugars, molasses and green coffee; marketing and distributing roasted coffee and green coffee, and providing sugar and molasses hauling in Hawaii. The Company also generates and sells electricity.
ALDA Aldila, Inc. is a designer and manufacturer of graphite (carbon fiber-based composite) golf shafts. The Company conducts its operations through its subsidiaries, Aldila Golf Corp. and Aldila Materials Technology Corp. Aldila manufactures hundreds of graphite shafts featuring various combinations of performance characteristics such as weight, flex, flex point and torque. All of its shafts are composite structures consisting principally of carbon fiber and epoxy resins. The Company's shafts may also include boron (added to increase shaft strength) or fiberglass. Aldila's shafts are designed in partnership with its customers (principally golf club manufacturers) to accommodate specific golf club designs. Its branded models are typically sold to golf club manufacturers, distributors and golf pro and repair shops and are used either to assemble a new custom club from selected components or as an after market re-shaft of existing clubs.
AWGI Alderwoods Group, Inc. is an operator of funeral homes and cemeteries in North America that provides funeral and cemetery services and products on both an at-need (time of death) and pre-need basis. It is a holding company owning, directly or indirectly, approximately 229 subsidiaries through which its businesses are operated. The Company's funeral operations offer a range of funeral services, including the collection of remains, registration of death, embalming, use of funeral home facilities, sale of caskets and other merchandise and transportation to a place of worship, funeral chapel, cemetery or crematorium. Cemetery operations assist families in making burial arrangements and offer a line of cemetery products, the opening and closing of graves and cremation services. With combination funeral homes and cemeteries, funeral operation is located within or adjoining a cemetery operation. Insurance products provide customers with a funding mechanism for the pre-arrangement of funerals.
ACL Alcon, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets pharmaceuticals, surgical equipment and devices and consumer eye care products that treat eye diseases and disorders and promote the general health and function of the human eye. It has local operations in over 70 countries and its products are sold in more than 180 countries around the world. The Company conducts its global business through two business segments: Alcon United States and Alcon International. Alcon United States includes sales to unaffiliated customers located in the United States of America, excluding Puerto Rico. Alcon International includes sales to all other unaffiliated customers. Each business segment markets and sells products principally in three product categories of the ophthalmic market: pharmaceutical (prescription drugs); surgical equipment and devices (cataract, vitreoretinal and refractive), and consumer eye care (contact lens disinfectants and cleaning solutions, artificial tears and ocular vitamins).
AA Alcoa Inc. is a producer of primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum and alumina. The Company is active in all major aspects of the industry: technology, mining, refining, smelting, fabricating and recycling. Non-aluminum products include precision castings, industrial fasteners, vinyl siding, consumer products, foodservice and flexible packaging products, plastic closures, fiber-optic cables and electrical distribution systems for cars and trucks. Alcoa's products are used worldwide in aircraft, automobiles, commercial transportation, packaging, consumer products, building and construction and industrial applications. The Company's operations consist of six segments: Alumina and Chemicals, Primary Metals, Flat-Rolled Products, Engineered Products, Packaging and Consumer and Other. In December 2004, the Company sold its Aluminum Reynolds de Venezuela, known as Alreyven, to Topes Y Techos S.A., a Venezuelan Company.
ALA Alcatel is a worldwide provider of a variety of telecommunications equipment and services. At the beginning of 2003, Alcatel reorganized into three business segments, addressing three principal markets. The first two business segments, Fixed Communications and Mobile Communications, serve the telecom service provider markets and are comprised of infrastructure equipment divisions responsible for network equipment and pre and post commissioning tasks, and a division focusing on applied solutions, which includes application software activities and which interacts with the equipment divisions. The third business segment, Private Communications, fulfills a dual function. It is responsible for all non-telecom communication markets, and is organized along vertical market segment lines covering equipment, network solutions and applied solutions. The segment also provides network services supporting the entire portfolio of Alcatel customers.
AL Alcan Inc. is a multinational producer of primary aluminum and a global producer of value-added engineered products and composites, supplying sectors including aerospace, automotive and beverage cans. In addition, the Company is engaged in aluminum packaging and recycling. Alcan has operations in primary aluminum, fabricated aluminum, and flexible and specialty packaging, aerospace applications, bauxite mining and alumina processing. It has operating facilities in 58 countries and regions.
ABS Albertson's, Inc. is engaged in a single operating segment, the retail sale of food and drug merchandise in the United States. As of April 30, 2004, the Company operated over 2,500 retail stores in 37 states. These retail stores consist of 1,556 combination food-drug stores, 707 stand-alone drugstores and 247 conventional and warehouse stores. The Company also operated 228 fuel centers in 22 states, which are located near its existing stores. Retail operations are supported by 17 distribution centers. These distribution centers provide product exclusively to the Company's retail stores. Albertson's stores operated under the banners Albertsons, Albertsons Express, Albertsons-Osco, Albertsons-Sav-on, Jewel, Jewel-Osco, Acme, Sav-on Drugs, Osco Drug, Max Foods, Super Saver Foods, Shaw's and Star Markets.
ACV Alberto-Culver Company develops, manufactures, distributes and markets branded consumer products. The Company operates two businesses: Global Consumer Products and Beauty Supply Distribution. The Global Consumer Products business consists of two divisions: Alberto-Culver Consumer Products Worldwide, which develops, manufactures, distributes and markets branded beauty care products, as well as branded food and household products in the United States and more than 120 other countries, and Cederroth International, which manufactures, markets and distributes beauty and healthcare products throughout Scandinavia and in Europe. The Company's Beauty Supply Distribution business includes two segments: Sally Beauty Supply, a domestic and international chain of cash-and-carry outlets offering professional beauty supplies to both salon professionals and retail consumers, and Beauty Systems Group, a full-service beauty supply distributor offering professional brands directly to salons.
ALB Albemarle Corporation is a global producer of specialty polymer and fine chemicals. Most of its products are additives to or intermediates for plastics, polymers and elastomers, cleaning products, personal care products, agricultural compounds, pharmaceuticals, drilling compounds, paper processing chemicals and biocides. The Company's operations are managed as two separate and distinct operating segments, Polymer Chemicals and Fine Chemicals. The Polymer Chemicals operating segment consists of flame retardants, catalysts and polymer additives product areas. The Fine Chemicals operating segment consists of agrichemicals, pharmachemicals, fine chemistry services and intermediates and performance chemicals product areas. In August 2004, the Company acquired Akzo Nobel N.V.'s catalyst business, a company in the production of petroleum refining catalysts. Albemarle intends to operate the new business as a third segment.
AFBK Albemarle First Bank (the Bank) provides commercial banking services. The Bank operates two locations in Charlottesville, Virginia, and one office in Ruckersville, Virginia, servicing individuals and small business customers located in the Charlottesville, Albemarle County, Greene County and adjacent areas. The Bank's primary deposit products are checking accounts, savings accounts and certificates of deposit (CDs). Its lending products include residential mortgage, construction, installment and commercial business loans. During 2001, the Bank expanded the services it offers. It initiated Internet banking in May 2001, and established a subsidiary, AFB Insurance, Inc., in June 2001. Through AFB, it offers life, accident, health and auto insurance services.
AMRI Albany Molecular Research, Inc. (AMRI) is a chemistry-based drug discovery and development company focused on identifying and developing novel, biologically active, small molecules with applications in the drug market. AMRI conducts research and development projects and collaborates with pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, as well as developing new chemistry technology for potential pharmaceutical products. The Company's services include drug lead discovery, medicinal chemistry, chemical development, analytical chemistry services, as well as small-scale, pilot-plant and large-scale manufacturing. In addition, AMRI conducts proprietary research and development to discover new lead compounds with commercial potential. The Company anticipates that it would license these compounds to third parties in return for up-front service fees and milestone payments, as well as recurring royalty payments if these compounds were developed into commercial drugs.
AIN Albany International Corp. and its subsidiaries are engaged in three business segments. The largest segment is Engineered Fabrics, through which the Company designs, manufactures and markets paper machine clothing for each section of the paper machine. Albany Door Systems, which includes Rapid Roll Doors, is the Company's operation that has developed high-speed high-performance doors, which grew from the application of its coated fabric technology. The Applied Technologies segment manufactures a variety of products, including wet and dry filtration media, high-performance materials and PRIMALOFT synthetic down for the home furnishings and outerwear markets.
AKPB.OB Alaska Pacific Bancshares, Inc. serves as a holding company for Alaska Pacific Bank (the Bank). The Company has not engaged in any significant activity other than holding the stock of the Bank. The Bank operates as a community-oriented financial institution and is devoted to serving the needs of its customers. The Bank's business consists primarily of attracting retail deposits from the general public and using those funds to originate one- to four-family mortgage loans, commercial business loans, consumer loans, construction loans and commercial real estate loans.
ALSK Alaska Communications Systems Group, Inc. (ACS Group) is a facilities-based telecommunications services provider and local exchange carrier (LEC). ACS Group offers consumer and business customers, throughout Alaska, a mix of telecommunications services, including local telephone, wireless, Internet and long distance services using its own network, as well as video entertainment, through its partnership arrangement with the satellite service provider, DISH Network. The Company offers its telecommunications services under a single brand name, Alaska Communications Systems. It has approximately 87,000 wireless subscribers, 46,000 Internet subscribers and 43,000 long-distance subscribers, consisting substantially of retail consumer and business customers. On May 8, 2003, ACS Group completed the sale of a majority interest (87.42%) in ACS Media, LLC. Subsequently, on August 27, 2003, the Company disposed of substantially all of its remaining interest in the Directories Business.
ALK Alaska Air Group, Inc. is a holding company that has two principal subsidiaries, Alaska Airlines, Inc. (Alaska) and Horizon Air Industries, Inc. (Horizon). Both subsidiaries operate as airlines, although their business plans, competition and economic risks differ substantially. Alaska is a major airline that operates an all-jet fleet. Its average passenger trip length is 967 miles. Horizon is a regional airline that operates jet and turboprop aircraft. Its average passenger trip is 332 miles.
ALAN Alanco Technologies, Inc. (Alanco) is a provider of advanced information technology solutions. The Company operates in two segments: design, production, marketing and distribution of RFID (radio frequency identification) tracking technology, and manufacturing, marketing and distribution of data storage products. RFID operations are conducted through Technology Systems International, Inc., (TSIN). The Company participates in the data storage market through two wholly owned subsidiaries: Arraid, Inc. (Arraid), a manufacturer of storage products to upgrade older legacy computer systems, and Excel/Meridian Data, Inc. (Excel), a manufacturer of network attached storage (NAS) systems for mid-range organizations.
APCS Alamosa Holdings, Inc. is a personal communications service (PCS) affiliate of Sprint and provides wireless mobility communications network services under the Sprint brand name in a territory encompassing over 15.8 million residents primarily located in portions of Texas, New Mexico, Arizona, Colorado, Wisconsin, Arkansas, Illinois, Oklahoma, Kansas, Missouri, Washington and Oregon. For the year ended December 31, 2003, it generated $631.1 million in revenue and listed approximately 727,000 subscribers. The Company launched Sprint wireless services and operates in the 88 basic trading areas (BTAs). At December 31, 2003, its network covered approximately 12 million post office protocols (POPs), which was approximately 76% of the total POPs in its markets. Sprint, along with its PCS affiliates, operates a digital PCS wireless network in the United States with licenses to provide services to an area consisting of more than 280 million POPs.
ALMG.OB Alamogordo Financial Corp. is the holding company for the Alamogordo Federal Savings and Loan Association (the Bank). The Bank is a community-oriented savings association engaged primarily in offering deposits to customers and investing those deposits, together with funds generated from operations and borrowings, in loans, investment securities and mortgage-backed securities. The Bank's mortgage loans include one-to four-family residential, multi-family and non-residential, construction and land loans. Consumer and other loans include second mortgage, consumer, commercial business and deposit account loans. The Bank primarily operates in Otero County, New Mexico. In October 2004, the Company approved the termination of its common stock registration and will cease trading.
ALG Alamo Group, Inc., through its subsidiaries, is a manufacturer of equipment for right-of-way maintenance and agriculture such as tractor mounted mowing and other vegetation maintenance equipment, street sweepers, agricultural implements and related after-market parts and services. The Company offers a product line that has three heavy-duty cutting technologies, such as rotary, flail, and sickle bar, as well as other cutting technologies. Its products are sold through the Company's marketing and through worldwide dealer networks under the Alamo Industrial, Tiger, Schwarze, Rhino, M&amp;W, Fuerst, SMC, Herschel, Adams, Valu-Bilt, Schulte, McConnel, Bomford, S.M.A., Forges Gorce Twose, Faucheux and other trademarks and trade names.
ALDN Aladdin Knowledge Systems is active in the digital security market, providing solutions for Software Digital Rights Management and Enterprise Security. Serving more than 30,000 customers worldwide, Aladdin products include the universal serial bus (USB)-based eToken device for strong user authentication, password management and protection against identity theft; the eSafe integrated content security solution, which proactively protects networks against blended threats, including malicious, inappropriate and non-productive Internet-borne content, and the HASP family of hardware- and software-based products, which flexibly protect, license and distribute software and intellectual property.
ALAB Alabama National BanCorporation (ANB) is the bank holding company for 14 banks (the Banks): National Bank of Commerce of Birmingham (NBC), First American Bank, Indian River National Bank, Georgia State Bank, First Gulf Bank, Community Bank of Naples, N.A., Public Bank, Peoples State Bank of Groveland, Millennium Bank, Citizens &amp; Peoples Bank, N.A., Cypress Bank, First Citizens Bank, Alabama Exchange Bank and Bank of Dadeville. In addition, ANB is the ultimate parent of one securities brokerage firm, NBC Securities, Inc.; one receivables factoring company, Corporate Billing, Inc., and one insurance agency, ANB Insurance Services, Inc. The Banks has a total of 78 banking offices and four insurance offices (where no banking is conducted) in the states of Alabama, Georgia and Florida. The Banks focus on traditional consumer, residential mortgage, commercial and real estate construction lending and equipment leasing to customers in their market areas.
AKZOY Akzo Nobel N.V. is an international company that serves customers around the world with healthcare products, coatings and chemicals. The Company's operations are carried out in business units clustered in three groups on the basis of affinity between activities: Pharma, Coatings and Chemicals. In September 2003, the Company announced its intention to sell its Catalysts, Phosphorus Chemicals and Coating Resins businesses. On April 19, 2004, Akzo Nobel received an offer from Albemarle Corporation for the sale of its Catalysts business. The sale was completed in August 2004.
AKSY Aksys, Ltd. provides hemodialysis products and services for patients suffering from end-stage renal disease, commonly known as chronic kidney failure. The Company has developed an automated personal hemodialysis system, known as the Aksys Personal Hemodialysis (PHD) System, which is designed to enable patients to perform frequent hemodialysis at alternate sites, such as their own homes. The new technology of the PHD System integrates four systems into one: water purification, delivery of dialysis, dialyzer reprocessing and online manufacturing of infusion-quality solution. The PHD System is a fully automated personal dialysis instrument, designed to enable operators to perform hemodialysis in a self-care setting such as the patient's home, on a frequent or daily basis. The PHD System is designed to reduce the patient's time and effort involved in performing each hemodialysis treatment with minimal assistance.
AKAM Akamai Technologies, Inc. principally offers e-business infrastructure services and solutions. The Company distributes computing solutions and services that are designed primarily to make the Internet predictable, scalable and secure for customers seeking to conduct business over the Internet. The Akamai EdgePlatform is the foundation of Akamai's business solutions. Built on this platform, the Company's business solutions, the Akamai Solutions extend Web operations anywhere, anytime, and improve insight and management of applications and content through Akamai's EdgeControl technology. The Company offers a range of services, including the EdgeSuite and Edge Computing and related support and services. Its customer base is centered on enterprises, but also includes the government market. During 2003, approximately 16% of the Company's revenue was derived from its operations outside the United States, of which, 13% relate to Europe.
AKS AK Steel Holding Corporation is a fully integrated producer of flat-rolled carbon, stainless and electrical steels and tubular products. Through its wholly owned subsidiary AK Steel Corporation (AK Steel), the Company produces flat-rolled carbon steels, including coated, cold-rolled and hot-rolled products, as well as specialty stainless and electrical steels that are sold in slab, hot band, and sheet and strip form. AK Steel has seven steelmaking and finishing plants located in Indiana, Kentucky, Ohio and Pennsylvania. The Company's operations also include AK Tube LLC, which further finishes flat-rolled carbon and stainless steel into welded steel tubing used in the automotive, large truck and construction markets and European trading companies that buy and sell steel and steel products.
AITX.OB Airtrax, Inc. is a development stage company that has developed an omni-directional wheel technology intended to be used for various commercial applications. The right to exploit this technology grew out of a Cooperative Research and Development Agreement (CRADA) with United States Navy in 1996. Since the technology transfer under the CRADA agreement, the Company has examined and redesigned many aspects of the system for use in various applications, including forklifts and other material handling equipment. In this regard, Airtrax refined control software and hardware, and tested a variety of drive component features on its pilot omni directional lift trucks and scissor-lifts. Extensive demonstrations of prototype vehicles for commercial and military users in combination with market research enabled the Company to direct its initial development efforts towards the material handling products. In December 2004, the Company acquired FiLCO.
AAI AirTran Holdings, Inc. is a low-fare scheduled airline in the United States. The Company operates scheduled airline service in short-haul markets principally in the eastern United States, primarily from its hub in Atlanta, Georgia. As of March 1, 2004, it operated 75 Boeing 717 (B717) aircraft making approximately 436 scheduled flights per day to 45 airports across the United States, serving more than 60 communities in 21 states and the District of Columbia. AirTran also flies to the Bahamas. The Company's products include competitive fares, advanced seat assignment, business class, consumer driven automation such as online check-in, Bye-Pass airport self-service kiosks and A-Plus Rewards, the Company's customer loyalty programs. In January 2004, it announced that it will be the launch airline for XM Satellite Radio, which the Company expects to deploy fleet-wide beginning in August 2004.
AIRN Airspan Networks Inc. is a global supplier of broadband wireless access (BWA) equipment that allows communications service providers, Internet service providers and other telecommunications users, such as utilities and enterprises, to deliver high-speed data and voice services using radio frequencies rather than wires. Airspan's products also include software tools that optimize geographic coverage of its systems and provide ongoing network management. To facilitate the deployment and operation of its systems, the Company also offers network installation, training and support services. Airspan's BWA systems have been installed by more than 160 network operators in more than 60 countries and are being tested by other service providers. The Company's market area includes the United States, the United Kingdom, Australia, China, Czech Republic, Indonesia, New Zealand, the Philippines, Poland, Russia, South Africa and Sri Lanka.
ANS AirNet Systems, Inc. is a specialty air carrier for time-sensitive deliveries, operating between most United States cities and delivering over 20,000 time-critical shipments each working day. The Company transports cancelled checks and related information for the United States banking industry, meeting approximately 2,500 daily deadlines. It provides specialized, high-priority delivery services to customers, primarily those involved in the medical, critical parts and entertainment industries. It also provides passenger charter services through its wholly owned subsidiary, Jetride, Inc. In addition, the Company offers on-demand cargo charter services, which are available 24 hours per day, seven days a week. AirNet operates a fixed base operation that offers retail aviation fuel sales and related ground support services. The Company operates a fleet of approximately 120 aircraft and Jetride, Inc. operates nine Learjets that offer private passenger charter services.
ANCC AirNet Communications Corporation is engaged in the design, development, manufacture and installation of broadband, software-defined base stations, base station controllers and related wireless infrastructure components for wireless telecommunications in the Global Systems for Mobile Communications market. The Company's base station subsystem features four base station products: the AdaptaCell broadband, software-defined base station; the adaptive array SuperCapacity base station; the RapidCell base station, and the AirSite Backhaul Free base station. AirNet also offers a Base Station Controller, a Transcoder Rate Adaption Unit, an Operations and Maintenance Center (radio), Mobile Switching Center, Serving General Packet Radio Service (GPRS) Support Node and Gateway GPRS Support Node. The Company markets its products worldwide to operators of wireless networks and to certain military and public safety organizations.
PCSA AirGate PCS, Inc. is a provider of wireless personal communication services (PCS) in the United States. The Company is a network partner of Sprint PCS, which is a group of wholly owned subsidiaries of Sprint Corporation that operate and manage Sprint's PCS products and services. Sprint operates a 100% digital PCS wireless network in the United States and holds the licenses to provide PCS nationwide using a single frequency band and a single technology. Sprint, directly and indirectly through network partners such as the Company, provides wireless services in more than 4,000 cities and communities across the country. Sprint has also entered into an independent agreement with the Company, under which AirGate has agreed to construct and manage PCS networks in smaller metropolitan areas and along major highways. As of September 30, 2003, AirGate had 359,460 subscribers and total network coverage of approximately 6.1 million residents.
ARG Airgas, Inc. and its subsidiaries, collectively known as Airgas, is a United States distributor of industrial, medical and specialty gases that are delivered in packaged or cylinder form, along with welding, safety and related products, such as hardgoods. Airgas also produces dry ice, liquid carbon dioxide, nitrous oxide, process chemicals and specialty gases for distribution throughout the United States. Airgas' integrated network of over 800 locations includes branches, retail stores, packaged gas fill plants, specialty gas labs, production facilities and distribution centers. Airgas also distributes its products and services to its customer base through e-business, catalog and telesales channels. The Company's operating segments are Distribution and All Other Operations. In December 2004, the Company acquired Watt Welding Supply, Inc., an industrial gas and welding supply distributor with three locations south of Portland, Oregon, and DC Welding in Sacramento, California.
AIRT Air T, Inc. operates in two industry segments providing overnight air cargo services to the air express delivery industry through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Mountain Air Cargo, Inc. (MAC) and CSA Air, Inc. (CSA) and aviation ground support and other specialized equipment products through its wholly owned subsidiary, Global Ground Support, LLC (Global). The Company decided to dispose of its aviation related parts brokerage and overhaul services through its wholly owned subsidiary, Mountain Aircraft Services, LLC (MAS). Air T entered into a letter of intent in June 2003, to sell certain assets and a portion of the business operations of MAS. In conjunction with the sale, MAS changed its name to MAC Aviation Services, LLC (MACAS). During the fiscal year ended March 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Company's air cargo services through MAC and CSA accounted for 64.5% and aviation ground support and other specialized equipment products through Global accounted for 35.5% of Air T's revenues.
APD Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. (Air Products) is a supplier of industrial gas and related industrial process equipment, and a producer of certain chemicals. The Company operates in three segments: gases, chemicals and equipment. The gases business segment recovers and distributes industrial gases, such as oxygen, nitrogen, helium, argon and hydrogen, and a variety of medical and specialty gases and also includes the Company's healthcare business. The chemicals business segment produces and markets performance materials and chemical intermediates. The equipment business segment supplies cryogenic and other process equipment and related engineering services.
AIRM Air Methods Corporation provides air medical emergency transport services and systems throughout the United States of America, under two separate operating models: the Community-Based Model (CBM) and the Hospital-Based Model (HBM). During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company's CBM provided air medical transportation services in 15 states, while HBM provided air medical transportation services to hospitals located in 26 states and Puerto Rico, under operating agreements with original terms ranging from one to 10 years. Under both operations, the Company transports persons requiring medical care from either the scene of an accident or general care hospitals to highly skilled trauma centers or tertiary care centers. In October 2002, it acquired 100% of Rocky Mountain Holdings, LLC, which conducts both CBM and HBM operations. Its Products Division designs, manufactures and installs aircraft medical interiors and other aerospace or medical transport products.
AKH Air France - KLM, formerly Air France, is an international airline Company. The Company organizes its networks around three main platforms: Roissy-CDG is the main hub and the international platform for long- and medium-haul flights; Lyon-St. Exupery is the secondary hub for medium-haul, intra-European connections, and Orly is the platform for domestic point-to-point flights. The Company's three main businesses are passenger transportation, cargo operations and maintenance. Its other activities include catering. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2003, the Company's core business of passenger transportation accounted for approximately 83% of its total operating revenues; cargo accounted for 11.7%; industrial maintenance accounted for 4.3%, and other air transport-related activities, including catering accounted for 1.1%.
ARBK.OB Air Brook Airport Express, Inc. continues to seek business acquisitions, but its primary activities are the realization of commissions from the operation by its subsidiary, A.B. Park &amp; Fly, Inc., of two airport ground transportation terminals in Bergen County, New Jersey. One satellite terminal is located in the Village of Ridgewood, New Jersey, and the second is located in the Borough of Montvale, New Jersey. The Ridgewood Satellite Terminal grounds include parking for approximately 99 cars, as well as a 600-square-foot climate-controlled ticket office and waiting area. The Montvale Satellite Terminal is located on the Garden State Parkway at the Montvale Rest Area in the Air Brook Transportation Center, which is also occupied by the Hertz Corporation and other travel-related entities. The satellite terminals are open 20 hours per day, seven days a week. These terminal operations transport passengers to and from Newark Airport.
GLOV AHPC Holdings, Inc, formerly WRP Corporation, is a marketer of foodservice and medical examination gloves in the United States through its wholly owned subsidiary, American Health Products Corporation (AHPC). The Company was also a manufacturer of disposable latex examination and food service gloves through its formerly 70% owned Indonesian manufacturing facility, PT WRP Buana Multicorpora (PT Buana). Through its wholly owned subsidiary, AHPC, the Company markets a full product line of disposable gloves, including latex, vinyl, synthetic and nitrile examination and surgical gloves used in the foodservice, non-acute medical, dental, nursing home and retail industries. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2003, the Company diversified its product offering with additional synergistic product lines, including polygloves, heavy-duty gloves, headwear, aprons and bibs, food storage bags and educational services.
AGU Agrium Inc. is a global producer and marketer of agricultural nutrients and industrial products and a retail supplier of agriculture products and services in North America and Argentina. Agrium produces a range of fertilizers. Nitrogen-based fertilizers are produced in Alberta, Canada, at five plants located at Carseland, Fort Saskatchewan, Joffre, Redwater and Standard/Granum. Sulfur and phosphate-based fertilizers are also produced at the Redwater plant, which utilizes phosphate ore from Agrium's phosphate mine located at Kapuskasing, Ontario. The Company also owns and operates a potash mine and production facility at Vanscoy, Saskatchewan. In the United States, Agrium owns and operates five nitrogen-based fertilizer production plants, one phosphate-based fertilizer production facility and a micronutrient facility. Agrium is also a 50% participant in the Profertil joint venture that owns and operates a nitrogen-based fertilizer plant in Bahia Blanca, Argentina.
ABTXQ.PK AgriBioTech, Inc. (ABT) and its subsidiaries currently have no business activities. The Company was a developer, producer, marketer and distributor of forage and cool-season turfgrass seed. The Company's operations included a research and development program to develop improved varieties through traditional breeding programs, seed processing plants to clean, condition and package seed grown under contract for ABT and national and international sales and distribution networks. The Company also distributed seeds for warm-season turfgrasses, wildflowers and native grasses and seeds for other crops such as corn, soybeans, sorghum, wheat and vegetables. ABT's Specialty Distribution operations, which operated in certain geographical areas, also sold pesticides, wetting agents, water and soil conditioning products and lawn, garden and golf course supplies. ABT and its subsidiaries each filed Chapter 11 bankruptcy petitions on January 25, 2000.
ADC Agree Realty Corporation is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed real estate investment trust that focuses primarily on the development, acquisition and ownership of retail properties net leased to national tenants. It specializes in building properties for national retailers who have signed long-term net leases prior to commencement of construction. As of December 31, 2003, the Company's portfolio consisted of 50 properties, owned either directly or through joint ventures, located in 13 states, and contained an aggregate of approximately 3.5 million square feet of gross leasable area. Its portfolio includes 37 freestanding net leased properties and 13 community shopping centers that, as of December 31, 2003, were 97% leased with a weighted average lease term of approximately 11.9 years. All of Agree's freestanding property tenants and most of its community shopping center tenants have triple-net leases.
AEM Agnico-Eagle Mines Limited (AEM) is a Canadian gold producer with mining operations located in northwestern Quebec and exploration and development activities in Canada and the western United States. Since its formation, AEM has produced over three million ounces of gold. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company produced approximately 236,653 ounces. The Company's principal operating divisions are the LaRonde Division and the Exploration Division.
ATG AGL Resources Inc. is an energy services holding company whose principal business is the distribution of natural gas in Georgia, Virginia and Tennessee. The Company conducts substantially all its operations through its three operating segments: distribution operations, wholesale services and energy investments. Distribution operations include three utilities that together serve approximately 1.8 million end use customers in Georgia, Virginia and Tennessee. The wholesale services segment includes the Company's non-utility business engaged in natural gas asset management and optimization, producer services and wholesale marketing, and risk management activities. The energy investments segment includes the Company's non-utility businesses engaged in retail natural gas and propane marketing and operating telecommunications conduit and fiber infrastructure within select metropolitan areas. In November 2004, the Company acquired NUI Corporation.
AGYS Agilysys, Inc. is a distributor and reseller focused on the distribution and reselling of three product areas, such as servers, storage and software. It also provides other specialized services to supply enterprise computer technology solutions. The Company offers mid-range enterprise servers, storage solutions, including hardware and software database, Internet and systems management software. These products are packaged together as new systems or to enhance existing systems, depending on the customer's needs. In September 2003, the Company changed its name from Pioneer-Standard Electronics, Inc.
A Agilent Technologies, Inc. (Agilent) is a global diversified technology company that provides enabling solutions to markets within the communications, electronics, life sciences and chemical analysis industries. It has four primary businesses: test and measurement; automated test; semiconductor products, and life sciences and chemical analysis. The Company's test and measurement, automated test and semiconductor businesses share focus on growth opportunities in the communications and electronics sector, while its life sciences and chemical analysis business focuses on growth opportunities in life sciences and in the environmental, chemical, food and petrochemical industries. In January 2005, the Company acquired Computational Biology Corp., a biotech pioneer in ChIP-on-chip, a microarray-based technique for understanding gene regulation in disease.
AGIL Agile Software Corporation develops and sells a suite of product lifecycle management (PLM)-integrated software applications that enable customers to collaborate over the Internet with their supply, and design chain partners to manage the product record in a product supply chain and the business processes that contribute to and utilize the product record. These PLM solutions speed the build and buy process across the virtual manufacturing network, and manage product content and critical communication, collaboration and commerce transactions among original equipment manufacturers, electronic manufacturing services providers, customers and suppliers. Agile also provides customer support services, including business consulting and implementation services.
AGRa Agere Systems Inc. designs, develops, manufactures and sells integrated circuit solutions for applications such as high-density storage, mobile wireless communications and enterprise and telecommunications networks. These solutions form the building blocks for a broad range of computing and communications applications. Some of the Company's solutions include related software and reference designs. Its customers include manufacturers of hard disk drives, mobile phones, high-speed communications systems and personal computers (PCs). During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004, the Company realigned its business into operating segments that focus on four target markets: Storage, Mobility, Enterprise and Networking and Telecommunications. The Company has two reportable segments, Consumer Enterprise and Telecommunications. It also has an operations group that manages its manufacturing and supply chain activities and information technology systems.
AG AGCO Corporation is an international manufacturer and distributor of agricultural equipment and related replacement parts. It sells a range of agricultural equipment, including tractors, combines, self-propelled sprayers, hay tools, forage equipment and implements which are marketed under a number of brand names, including AGCO, AgcoAllis, AgcoStar, Ag-Chem, Challenger, Farmhand, Fendt, Fieldstar, Gleaner, Glencoe, Hesston, Lor Al, Massey Ferguson, New Idea, RoGator, Soilteq, Spra-Coupe, Sunflower, Terra-Gator, Tye, White and Willmar. Distribution of products is conducted through a combination of approximately 8,400 independent dealers and distributors, associates and licensees in more than 140 countries. In addition, the Company provides retail financing in North America, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Ireland and Brazil.
AGE A.G. Edwards, Inc. is a holding company that, through its subsidiaries, provide securities and commodities brokerage, investment banking, trust, asset management, financial and retirement planning, insurance products, and other related financial services. The Company's primary subsidiary is the brokerage firm, A.G. Edwards &amp; Sons, Inc. A.G. Edwards Trust Company FSB is a federally chartered savings bank that provides investment advisory, portfolio management and trust services. A.G. Edwards &amp; Sons (U.K.) Limited is a securities broker-dealer based in London, England. A.G. Edwards Capital, Inc. serves as general partner to four private equity partnerships formed to invest in portfolios of venture capital and buy-out funds and direct investments. A.G. Edwards Technology Group, Inc. provides information technology services to the Company. Beaumont Insurance Company is a captive insurance company that centralizes certain risk management functions and provides access to reinsurance markets.
ATAC Aftermarket Technology Corp. is a remanufacturer and distributor of drivetrain products used in the repair of automobiles and light trucks in the automotive aftermarket. The Company's Logistics business is a provider of warehouse and distribution services as well as returned material reclamation disposition and other reverse logistics services. Its Logistics business consists of three operating units: Logistics Services, a provider of value-added warehouse, distribution and reverse logistics services, turnkey order fulfillment and information services; Material Recovery, a provider of returned material reclamation and disposition services and core management services, and Autocraft Electronics, a provider of logistics and reverse logistics services and automotive electronic components remanufacturing. In addition, the Company also sells remanufactured engines and transmissions in the independent aftermarket domestically.
AFPC.OB AFP Imaging Corporation is engaged in the business of designing, developing, manufacturing and distributing equipment for generating, capturing or producing medical and dental images through digital technology, as well as the chemical processing of photosensitive materials. All of the Company's products are distributed worldwide through an unaffiliated dealer network to doctors, dentists, veterinarians, hospitals, medical clinics, the United States Military and other facilities. AFP Imaging Corporation's products are distributed to worldwide markets under various brand names. In September 2003, the Company completely dissolved two of its wholly owned subsidiaries, LogEtronics Corporation and Regam Medical Systems AB.
AFL AFLAC Incorporated is a general business holding company and acts as a management company, overseeing the operations of its subsidiaries by providing management services and making capital available. Its principal business is supplemental health and life insurance, which is marketed and administered primarily through its subsidiary, American Family Life Assurance Company of Columbus (AFLAC). AFLAC operates in the United States (AFLAC U.S.) and as a branch in Japan (AFLAC Japan). AFLAC Japan sells cancer plans, care plans, general medical expense plans, medical/sickness riders to the Company's cancer plan, a living benefit life plan and an accident plan. AFLAC U.S. sells cancer plans and various types of health insurance, including accident and disability, fixed-benefit dental, personal sickness and hospital indemnity, hospital intensive care, long-term care and short-term disability plans. The Company also offers several life insurance plans in Japan and the United States.
AFFX Affymetrix, Inc. is engaged in the development, manufacture, sale and service of systems for genetic analysis for use in the life sciences. Affymetrix has developed its GeneChip system and related microarray technology as the platform of choice for acquiring, analyzing and managing complex genetic information. The integrated GeneChip platform includes disposable DNA probe arrays (chips) consisting of gene sequences set out in an ordered, high density pattern; certain reagents for use with the probe arrays; a scanner and other instruments used to process the probe arrays, and software to analyze and manage genomic information obtained from the probe arrays. Related microarray technology also offered by Affymetrix includes instrumentation, software and licenses for fabricating, scanning, collecting and analyzing results from low density microarrays.
ARC Affordable Residential Communities Inc. (ARC) is a fully integrated, self-administered and self-managed equity real estate investment trust focused primarily on the acquisition, renovation, repositioning and operation of all-age manufactured home communities. Manufactured home communities are residential developments designed and improved for the placement of detached, single-family manufactured homes that are produced offsite and installed and set on residential sites within the community. In these communities, ARC also conducts certain complementary business activities focused on improving and maintaining occupancy in its communities, including the rental of manufactured homes, the retail sale of manufactured homes, the financing of sales of manufactured homes and acting as agent in the sale of homeowner's insurance and other related insurance products. In February 2004, the Company acquired 79 manufactured home communities from privately held Hometown America L.L.C.
AFFM Affirmative Insurance Holdings, Inc. (Affirmative) is a growing producer and provider of non-standard automobile insurance policies to individual consumers in highly targeted geographic markets. Non-standard personal automobile insurance policies provide coverage to drivers who find it difficult to obtain insurance from standard insurance companies due to their lack of prior insurance, age, driving record, limited financial resources or other factors. Non-standard automobile insurance policies generally require higher premiums than standard policies for comparable coverage. The Company offers its products and services in 11 states, including Texas, Illinois and California. In January 2005, the Company acquired the assets of the retail agency and franchise operations of 21st Century Holding Company and the assets of BW Insurance Agency, Inc.
AFFI.OB Affinity Technology Group, Inc. was formed to develop and market technologies that enable financial institutions and other businesses to provide consumer financial services electronically with reduced or no human intervention. Products and services previously offered by the Company include its DeciSys/RT(R) loan processing system, which automated the processing and consummation of consumer financial services transactions. Other products and services it previously offered include the Affinity Automated Loan Machine (the ALM), the Mortgage ALM, e-xpertLender, iDEAL and rtDS. Due to capital constraints, the Company has suspended efforts to deploy its products and services, and focuses its efforts exclusively on attempting to enter into license agreements with third parties to license its rights under certain of its patents.
AMG Affiliated Managers Group, Inc. is an asset management company with equity investments in a diverse group of mid-sized investment management firms. The Company provides investment management services to mutual funds, institutional clients and high-net-worth individuals in the United States. The Company, through its affiliates, provides advisory or sub-advisory services to more than 30 domestic and offshore mutual funds, which are distributed to retail and institutional clients through intermediaries such as investment advisors, retirement plan sponsors, broker-dealers and bank trust departments. In January 2004, it entered into an agreement to acquire a 60% equity interest in Genesis Holdings International, which employs a bottom-up research and stock selection process.
ACS Affiliated Computer Services, Inc. (ACS) is a provider of business process outsourcing and information technology outsourcing services to commercial and government clients. The Company's services enable businesses and government agencies to focus on core operations, respond to rapidly changing technologies and reduce expenses associated with business processes and information processing. The Company provides technology-based services with a focus on transaction processing and program management services, such as child support payment processing, electronic toll collection, welfare and community services and traffic violations processing. It also designs, develops, implements and operates large-scale health and human services programs and the information technology solutions that support those programs. ACS provides business process outsourcing, information technology outsourcing and systems integration services to the commercial sector clients.
AFCE AFC Enterprises, Inc. (AFC) develops, operates and franchises quick service restaurants, bakeries and cafes (generally referred to as QSR's) in two distinct business segments: chicken and bakery. The chicken segment operates and franchises under the trade names Popeyes Chicken &amp; Biscuits and Church's Chicken. The bakery segment operates and franchises under the trade name Cinnabon and franchises cafes under the trade name Seattle's Best Coffee. As of December 28, 2003, AFC's brands operated or franchised 4,091 QSRs in 46 states, the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico and 36 foreign countries. In 2003, franchise revenues represented approximately 15.6% of AFC's total franchise revenues. In November 2004, the Company sold its Cinnabon subsidiary to Focus Brands Inc., an affiliate of Roark Capital Group.
ASFE.OB AF Financial Group, Inc. is a federally chartered thrift holding company, which owns 100% of the common stock of AF Bank (the Bank), AF Insurance Services, Inc. and AF Brokerage, Inc. The Company has no operations and conducts no business of its own other than ownership of its subsidiaries. The principal activities of the Bank consist of obtaining savings deposits and providing credit to customers in its primary market area: Ashe, Alleghany and Watauga Counties. The primary interest-earning asset of the Company is its mortgage loan portfolio, representing 86.8%, of total loans with approximately 69.8%, of portfolio mortgage loans at fixed rates as of June 30, 2004.
ATRM Aetrium, Inc. designs, manufactures and markets a variety of electromechanical equipment used in the handling and testing of semiconductor and passive electronic devices, such as integrated circuits (ICs) and discrete electronic components. Aetrium's primary focus is on high volume IC and discrete electronic component device types and on device package designs. The Company's products are used in the test, assembly and packaging segment of semiconductor manufacturing. Its products automate critical functions to improve manufacturing yield, raise quality levels, increase product reliability and reduce manufacturing costs. Aetrium has three principal product lines: test handler products, semiconductor automation products and reliability test equipment.
AET Aetna Inc. is a provider of healthcare, dental, pharmacy, group life, disability and long-term care benefits in the United States, serving approximately 13 million medical members, 10.9 million dental members, 7.4 million pharmacy members and 12.3 million group insurance customers as of December 31, 2003. The Company has a nationwide provider network of more than 600,000 healthcare services providers, including over 362,000 primary care and specialty physicians and 3,626 hospitals. Its operations include three business segments: Healthcare, Group Insurance and Large Case Pensions. Healthcare consists of health and dental plans offered on both a risk basis and an employer-funded basis. The Group Insurance segment includes group life insurance products offered on a risk basis. Large Case Pensions manages a variety of retirement products primarily for defined benefit and defined contribution plans. In January 2005, the Company acquired Strategic Resource Company.
AEMD.OB Aethlon Medical, Inc. is a development stage therapeutic device company focused on expanding the applications of its Hemopurifier platform technology, which is designed to reduce the presence of infectious viruses and other toxins from human blood. In this regard, the Company's core focus is the development of therapeutic devices that treat HIV/AIDS (Human Immunodeficiency Virus/Acquired Immune-Deficiency Syndrome), Hepatitis-C virus (HCV) and pathogens targeted as potential biological warfare agents. In pre-clinical testing, it has published that the Company's HIV-Hemopurifier removed 55% of HIV from human blood in three hours and in excess of 85% of HIV in 12 hours. Additionally, the HIV-Hemopurifier captured 90% of gp120, a toxic protein that depletes human immune cells, during a one-hour pre-clinical blood study. It has also published pre-clinical blood studies of its HCV-Hemopurifier, which documented the ability to capture 58% of the HCV from infected blood in two hours.
AETH Aether Systems, Inc. focuses its business on investments in mortgage-backed securities (MBS). Prior to October 2004, the Company was primarily a provider of wireless data solutions. Aether owns and manages a leveraged portfolio of mortgage-backed securities and other short-term government agency investments. Its principal business objective is to generate net income from the spread between the interest income on these securities and the costs of borrowing to finance their acquisition. All of the MBS the Company owns are issued by agencies of the United States government and carry an actual or implied AAA rating. In January 2004, Aether Systems sold the operations of its discontinued Enterprise Mobility Solutions (EMS) segment. In September 2004, it sold its Transportation segment to Platinum Equity, and, in October 2004, sold its Mobile Government (wireless) division. The main focus of the Company's ongoing strategy is the management of a leveraged portfolio of MBS.
AEZS AEterna Zentaris, Inc., formerly AEterna Laboratories Inc., is a biopharmaceutical company focused in oncology and endocrine therapy. Its extensive portfolio, from drug discovery to marketed products, includes Perifosine, an orally active AKT inhibitor in several Phase II trials for multiple cancers, and Cetrorelix, a luteinizing hormone-releasing hormone (LHRH) antagonist that is being marketed for in-vitro fertilization under the brand name Cetrotide, as well as in advanced clinical development for the treatment of uterine myoma, endometriosis and benign prostatic hyperplasia. The Company owns 100% of Zentaris GmbH, which is based in Germany. It also owns 62% of Atrium Biopharmaceuticals Inc., which develops, distributes and markets active ingredients, specialty fine chemicals and cosmetic and nutritional products for the cosmetics, chemical, pharmaceutical and nutritional industries.
AESP.OB AESP, Inc. is primarily a wholesaler of computer networking products whose customers are computer distributors, dealers and retailers, as well as a manufacturer of custom, private labeled products to the communications, medical and computer markets. AESP operates through two business segments, the United States and Western Europe. The United States operating segment distributes two principal products, Signamax Connectivity Systems and Advanced Electronic Manufacturing. The Western Europe operating segment principally distributes Signamax products and other manufacturers' product lines through the European Distribution Group. The European Distribution Group consists of the Company's European subsidiaries in Sweden, Norway, Germany and the Czech Republic. The Company also distributes its products through exclusive distributors in Russia and Ukraine.
AOTL.OB AeroTelesis, Inc. is a wireless telecommunication company that provides technologies for the delivery of voice, data and video applications including mobile cellular, wireless broadband, voice-over Internet protocol (VoIP) and satellite communication. The core of AeroTelesis' technology platform is a modulation technique known as Ultra Spectral Modulation (USM), a technology that increases spectral power and frequency efficiencies in wireless applications. USM is designed to avoid technical bottlenecks that limit the ability of wireless technology to add more subscribers and data through existing networks, with data transmission channels and data throughput rates of more than 200 times that of conventional modulation techniques.
AIM Aerosonic Corporation is principally engaged in the manufacture and sale of aircraft instruments. The Company consists of four operating divisions in three locations: the Clearwater, Florida Instrument Division (Clearwater Instruments); the Wichita, Kansas Division (Kansas Instruments); Avionics in Earlysville, Virginia, and the Clearwater, Florida Precision Component Division (Precision Components). Clearwater Instruments manufactures altimeters, airspeed indicators, rate-of-climb indicators, microprocessor-controlled air data test sets and a variety of other flight instrumentation. Kansas Instruments is the source inspection location for the Company's Wichita customers and is the primary location for Clearwater Instruments' repair business. Avionics maintains angle of attack/stall warning systems, integrated multifunction probes and other aircraft sensors and monitoring systems. Precision Components is a division formed to perform precision machining of mechanical components.
ARO Aeropostale, Inc., together with its wholly owned subsidiary, Aeropostale West, Inc., is a mall-based specialty retailer of casual apparel and accessories that target both young women and young men aged 11 to 20 years. The Company provides its customers with a selection of active-oriented, fashion basic merchandise. Aeropostale maintains control over its proprietary brand by designing and sourcing all of its merchandise. The Company's products can be purchased only at its stores or organized sales events at college campuses. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2004 (fiscal 2003), Aeropostale operated 459 stores in 41 states. The Company plans to open approximately 95 new stores in the fiscal year that will end in January 2004 (fiscal 2004).
AEGN Aerogen, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company that develops drug products focusing on respiratory therapy in the acute care setting. Based on its OnQ Aerosol Generator (OnQ) for aerosolizing liquids, it has developed and commercially introduced nebulizers that optimize aerosol production for use in both the home and hospital. The Company is also developing pulmonary drug delivery products in collaboration with partner companies for respiratory therapy and systemic drug input. Aerogen's lead therapeutic product in development is an aerosolized antibiotic consisting of a formulation of amikacin delivered via Aerogen's Pulmonary Drug Delivery System (PDDS) for the treatment of patients on ventilators with ventilator-associated pneumonia.
ARXX Aeroflex Incorporated is engaged in the design, engineering, manufacturing, production and sales of microelectronic and test solutions to the broadband communications, aerospace and defense markets. The Company is also engaged in the design and manufacturing of motion control systems that are used in industrial and defense applications. Aeroflex operates in two business segments: the microelectronics solutions segment, which is a designer and supplier of microelectronics products, including custom and standard integrated circuits, such as databuses, transceivers, microcontrollers, microprocessors and memories, as well as components, sub-assemblies and modules for military and commercial communication systems, and the test solutions segment, which designs, develops and manufactures a line of test equipments, including wireless test equipments, frequency synthesizers, radio test equipments, synthetic test systems, avionics test equipments and other general-purpose test equipments.
ACY AeroCentury Corp. is engaged in the business of investing in used regional aircraft equipment leased to foreign and domestic regional air carriers. It is a lessor of turboprop aircraft and engines that are used by customers, pursuant to triple-net operating leases. The acquisition of such equipment is generally made using debt financing. The business of the Company is managed by JetFleet Management Corp. (JMC), pursuant to a management agreement between AeroCentury and JMC, which is an integrated aircraft management, marketing and financing business and a subsidiary of JetFleet Holding Corp. (JHC). The Company has two wholly owned subsidiaries: AeroCentury Investments LLC (AeroCentury LLC) and AeroCentury Investments II LLC (AeroCentury II LLC) (collectively, the Company).
AEPI AEP Industries Inc. is a worldwide manufacturer of plastic packaging films. It manufactures and markets a diverse line of polyethylene, polyvinyl chloride (PVC) and polypropylene flexible packaging products with consumer, industrial and agricultural applications. The Company manufactures both commodity films, which are made to general specifications, and specialty films, which are made to customer specifications. The films are used in the packaging, transportation, beverage, food, automotive, pharmaceutical, chemical, electronics, construction, agriculture and textile industries. AEP divides its operations geographically into three principal regions, North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific. During the fiscal year ended October 31, 2003 (fiscal 2003), North America, Europe and Asia-Pacific represented approximately 61%, 23% and 16%, respectively, of the Company's net sales.
AOLS.OB Aeolus Pharmaceuticals Corporation, formerly known as Incara Pharmaceuticals Corporation, is developing new classes of disease modifying antioxidant small molecules, initially targeting neurodegenerative disorders. Oxygen-derived free radicals are important contributors to the pathogenesis of many diseases. The Company's compounds have demonstrated efficacy in tissue culture and animal preclinical models of amyotrophic lateral sclerosis (ALS), which is also known as Lou Gehrig's disease, stroke and spinal cord injury. It began a Phase I clinical trial in patients with ALS in October 2004. It has also demonstrated efficacy for its catalytic antioxidants in preclinical models of cancer. In addition, the role of oxygen-derived free radicals in other neurodegenerative diseases, such as Alzheimer's disease and Parkinson's disease has been widely studied and documented. In July 2004, the Company changed its name to Aeolus Pharmaceuticals Corporation.
AEHR Aehr Test Systems (Aehr) develops, manufactures and sells systems, which are designed to reduce the cost of testing dynamic random access memory (DRAM) and other memory devices. The Company manufactures and markets parallel test systems, dynamic and monitored burn-in systems, full-wafer contact systems, die carriers, test fixtures and related accessories. The Company has developed and introduced several product families, including the MTX, MAX and FOX systems and the DiePak carrier. Aehr introduced a new lower cost 54/66 pin DiePak solution in July 2004.
AEG AEGON N.V. is an international insurance group engaged in the businesses of life insurance, pensions, savings and investment products through its member companies. AEGON and its member companies (collectively, the AEGON Group) is also active in accident, health insurance, property and casualty insurance, and has limited banking activities. The Company's segments are the Americas, the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and other countries, which include Hungary, Spain, Taiwan and a number of other countries with smaller operations, such as Germany, Belgium, China and Slovakia. Products are classified under two broad categories: general accounts products and products for the account of policyholders.
AGIS.OB Aegis Communications Group, Inc. is a provider of multichannel customer relationship management, including database management, analytical services and market intelligence, to progressive companies. The Company's customer relationship management (CRM) service offerings include Web-enabled and telephone-based customer service, help desk and customer acquisition and retention; multilingual communications programs; client service center facilities management; order provisioning; up-selling and cross-selling of products and services, and database management. Its Web-enabled customer care capabilities include online customer-initiated call back, automated e-mail response, live Web text chat, pushed content Web sessions, click-stream analysis, Web self-service, fax/e-mail on demand and online management reporting. The Company's database service offerings include profiling and data overlay, segmentation, modeling, survey results analysis, financial analysis and customer lifecycle analysis.
AVCA.OB Advocat Inc. provides long-term care services to nursing home patients and residents of assisted living facilities in nine states primarily in the Southeast and three Canadian provinces. It also provides skilled nursing and ancillary health care services care and a variety of rehabilitation services, as well as medical supply and nutritional support services. As of December 31, 2003, it operated facilities in Alabama, Arkansas, Florida, Kentucky, North Carolina, Ohio, Tennessee, Texas, West Virginia and the Canadian provinces of Ontario, British Columbia and Alberta. In August 2003, Advocat entered into an agreement to sell the stock of its wholly owned subsidiary, Diversicare Canada Management Services Co., Inc. (DCMS), to DCMS Holding, Inc., a privately owned Ontario corporation.
AD ADVO, Inc. (ADVO) is a full-service targeted home-delivered print advertising company primarily engaged in soliciting and processing printed advertising from retailers, manufacturers and service companies for targeted distribution by both shared and solo mail, as well as private carrier delivery to consumer households in the United States and Canada on a national, regional and local basis. The Company's network reaches 112 million households, approximately 78 million homes through its core advertising programs that are primarily weekly, and approximately 34 million through its ADVO National Network Extension (A.N.N.E.) program. ADVO's direct mail marketing products and services include shared mail and solo mail. ADVO provides ancillary services to complement its direct mail marketing programs and also provides private carrier delivery in certain markets. In addition, the Company provides direct mail advertising solutions for local neighborhood businesses.
ABCO The Advisory Board Company provides best practices research and analysis to more than 2,300 hospitals, health systems, pharmaceutical and biotech companies, healthcare insurers and medical device companies in the United States, focusing on business strategy, operations and general management issues. Best practices research identifies, analyzes and describes specific management initiatives, strategies and processes that produce the best results in solving common problems or challenges. For a fixed-annual fee, members of each program have access to an integrated set of services, such as best practices research studies, executive education seminars, customized research briefs and Web-based access to the program's content database and decision support tools.
ANX ADVENTRX Pharmaceuticals, Inc. is a biomedical research and development business focused on treatments for viral infections and cancer. The Company's business is in the development stage. It has not generated any significant revenues or any operating revenues and it has not yet commercialized or marketed any products. Pursuant to license agreements with the University of Texas M.D. Anderson Cancer Center, the National Institutes of Health and the University of Southern California, the Company has been granted development, commercialization, manufacturing and marketing rights to a number of drug candidates in the fields of antiviral and anticancer therapy, which are in varying stages of development. The Company aims to become a developer of drug therapies for the treatment of the Human Immunodeficiency Virus (HIV), Acquired Immune Deficiency Syndrome (AIDS) and cancer. The Company's planned product offerings include CoFactor, BlockAide/CR, Thiovir, EradicAide, BlockAide/VP and Selone.
ADVS Advent Software, Inc. offers integrated software solutions for automating and integrating data and work flows across the investment management organization as well as the information flows between the investment management organization and external parties. Advent Office Products consist of Axys, Advent Partner, Moxy, Qube, Rex, WealthLine, MyAdvent, Advent Browser Reporting for Enterprise Users and Advent Warehouse. The products are designed to increase operational efficiency, improve the accuracy of client information and enable better decision-making. Each solution focuses on specific mission-critical functions of the investment management organization, and is tailored to meet the needs of the particular client, as determined by size, assets under management and complexity of the investment environment.
ATE Advantest Corp. produces a range of automated test equipment required by semiconductor companies for the testing of semiconductor products. The equipment includes semiconductor test systems, which perform the actual testing; test handlers, which set the semiconductors to be tested on the semiconductor test system during testing and remove them after testing; device interfaces, which connect the semiconductors to the semiconductor test system, and software, which includes operating and test programs that control the automated test equipment and feature a user-friendly interface for generating such test programs. Advantest manufactures automated test equipment for use with memory semiconductors and non-memory semiconductors. The Company also designs, manufactures and sells measuring instruments used in the design, production and maintenance of electronics hardware, including wireless communications and fiber-optic equipment and digital consumer products.
ADVNB Advanta Corp. is a highly focused financial services company serving the small business market. The Company leverages direct marketing and information-based expertise to identify potential customers and new target markets and to provide a high level of service tailored to the needs of small businesses. The Company's primary business, Advanta Business Cards, is an issuer of business credit cards to small businesses. In addition to Advanta Business Cards, Advanta has venture capital investments. It owns two depository institutions, Advanta Bank Corp. and Advanta National Bank. The Company primarily funds and operates its business credit card business through Advanta Bank Corp. Advanta also owns two insurance companies, Advanta Life Insurance Company and Advanta Insurance Company, through which it offers specialty credit-related insurance and related products to its existing customers.
AVEE.OB Advant-E Corporation is a provider of business-to-business (B2B) electronic commerce (e-commerce) products and services, offering standards-based and proprietary solutions for businesses of all sizes, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Edict Systems, Inc. It develops, markets and supports B2B e-commerce software products and provides Internet-based communication and e-commerce data processing services. The Company's software products enable businesses to engage in e-commerce with one another by allowing companies to integrate e-commerce data into their business infrastructure and operations, as well as allowing smaller companies the ability to manually process electronic transactions. It also provides consultative services for its customers, generally small and medium sized suppliers to large buying organizations wherein it acts as a liaison between the buyers and their suppliers to interface with the buyer on behalf of the Company's customers.
AVNC Advancis Pharmaceutical Corporation is a pharmaceutical company focused on developing and commercializing pulsatile drug products that fulfill substantial unmet medical needs in the treatment of infectious disease. The Company is developing a portfolio of drugs based on novel biological finding that bacteria exposed to antibiotics in front-loaded, sequential bursts or pulses are killed more efficiently and effectively than those exposed to standard antibiotic treatment regimens. Based on this finding, it has developed a once-a-day pulsatile delivery technology, PULSYS. In July 2004, the Company acquired the United States rights to the Keflex brand of cephalexin from Eli Lilly and Company. Under the terms of the agreement, Advancis acquired the exclusive rights to manufacture, market and sell Keflex (cephalexin capsules, USP) in the United States.
ADVR.OB Advanced Viral Research Corp. (Advanced Viral) is engage in the production and marketing, promotion and sale of a pharmaceutical drug known by the trademark Reticulose. This drug was the forerunner of the Company's lead product candidate, AVR118. Advanced Viral is developing AVR118 for the treatment of diseases such as cachexia (body wasting), in patients with acquired immune deficiency syndrome (AIDS) and cancer; human immunodeficiency virus (HIV), including AIDS as a combination therapy; human papilloma virus (HPV), which causes genital warts and may lead to cervical cancer, and rheumatoid arthritis. The Company's operations have been limited principally to research, testing and analysis of AVR118 in the United States, either in vitro (outside the living body in an artificial environment, such as in a test tube), or on animals, and engaging others to perform testing and analysis of AVR118 on human patients both inside and outside the United States.
AVDU.OB Advanced 3-D Ultrasound, Inc., formerly Yseek, Inc., is pursuing the business of three-dimensional (3-D) fetal photography. 3-D fetal photography provides clear color photographs of an unborn child. The Company is working on the business model for a 3-D fetal photography center and a marketing plan for the first center. Advanced 3-D has determined the design of the first center and has negotiated with vendors to provide equipment. The initial center is expected to be located in Tampa, Florida.
ASX Advanced Semiconductor Engineering, Inc., (ASE), together with its subsidiary ASE Test, is an independent provider of semiconductor packaging and testing services. Its services include semiconductor packaging, design and production of interconnect materials, front-end engineering testing, wafer probing and final testing services. Its package types employ either leadframes or substrates as interconnect materials. The semiconductors that it packages are used in a range of end-use applications, including communications, personal computers, consumer electronics, industrial, automotive and other applications. Its testing services include front-end engineering testing, which is performed during and following the initial circuit design stage of the semiconductor manufacturing process; wafer probe, final testing and other related semiconductor testing services.
APTI Advanced Power Technology Inc. designs, manufactures and markets high-performance power semiconductors and modules for radio frequency (RF), linear and switchmode applications. The Company's semiconductor products combine proprietary and patented semiconductor technology, designs, processes and packaging solutions that are optimized for the customers' applications. They can be broadly categorized into two categories: Switching Power Semiconductors and RF and Microwave Semiconductors. Switching Power Semiconductors are typically used as electronic switches in power supplies for highly efficient and precise control of electrical power. These power supplies are the dominant type of power supply used for high power applications. RF and Microwave Semiconductors are typically used as electronic switches or to amplify electrical signals. These semiconductor devices are generally used in RF amplifiers that operate at frequencies ranging from one million to several billion cycles per second.
APPI.OB Advanced Plant Pharmaceuticals, Inc. continues to focus on the research and development of plant based dietary supplements. During July 1999, the Company acquired exclusive rights and interests to a 13-step process, which utilizes the whole of the nutrients found in plants to manufacture all natural herbal dietary supplements. It intends to use this process to manufacture products that it hopes to distribute worldwide through sales distribution contracts. The products it markets are Lo-Chol, ACACaplets and Sinusol.
API Advanced Photonix, Inc. is engaged in the development and manufacture of custom optoelectronic solutions, serving global original equipment manufacturer (OEM) markets. The Company specializes in silicon-based custom photodiode assemblies, its product families range from custom light-detection assemblies, including its patented Avalanche Photodiode technology to light emitting diode (LED) assemblies. The Company supports the customer from the initial concept and design phase of the product, through to full-scale production and test. It has two manufacturing and wafer fabricating facilities: one in Camarillo, California, and one in Dodgeville, Wisconsin. The technology used in the Company's products is silicon-based photodiodes. Photodiodes sense light of varying wavelengths and intensity, then converts that light into electrical signals. The Company manufactures photodiodes of varying complexity, from basic positive-intrinsic-negative (PIN) photodiodes to avalanche photodiode (APD).
AOXY.OB Advanced Oxygen Technologies, Inc. (AOT) conducts its business operations through its wholly owned subsidiary IP Service, ApS, a Danish Internet protocol (IP) security vulnerability company (IP Service). IP Service provides network administrators early IP security warnings and vulnerabilities. The Company develops and sells the software package, Analizt. IP Service has finished the first customer release of the product and has been proven satisfactory in the tests that have been performed. IP Service also works as security consultants and also sells other security software, and has entered into a sales representation agreement with Element5, which will sell Analizt worldwide. IP Service is involved in educating programmers, as well as network security personnel.
ANII.OB Advanced Nutraceuticals, Inc., through its operating subsidiary, Bactolac Pharmaceutical Inc. (Bactolac), is engaged in the formulation, manufacturing, coating and packaging of encapsulated and compressed tablets, and powder-blended vitamins and related nutritional supplements. Bactolac provides private-label, contract-manufacturing services with over 1,000 different formulations of vitamins and supplements to various companies engaged in the marketing and distribution of vitamins, mineral supplements, herbs, and other health and nutrition consumer products. The Company's customers include direct marketing companies, network marketing companies, retail chain distribution and customers, who re-package bulk products for re-sale. During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Company completed the sale of substantially all of the assets and operations of the Company's subsidiary, ANI Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
ANSI Advanced Neuromodulation Systems, Inc. (ANSI), designs, develops, manufactures and markets advanced implantable neuromodulation devices that improve the quality of life for people suffering from chronic pain. Neuromodulation devices include implantable neurostimulation devices, which deliver electric current directly to targeted nerves, and implantable drug pumps, which deliver small, precisely controlled doses of drugs directly to targeted sites within the body. ANSI markets three principal product lines: the Renew radio frequency system, the Genesis and GenesisXP implantable pulse generator systems and the AccuRx implantable drug pump. The Company markets its products to physicians who specialize in managing chronic pain. It defines chronic pain as pain that persists or recurs for more than six months, is resistant to conservative therapies and significantly restricts a patient's normal activities.
AMD Advanced Micro Devices, Inc., incorporated in 1969, is a semiconductor manufacturer with manufacturing facilities in the United States, Europe and Asia and sales offices throughout the world. The Company designs, manufactures and markets industry-standard, digital integrated circuits that are used in diverse product applications, such as desktop and mobile personal computers, workstations, servers, communications equipment and automotive and consumer electronics. Its products include microprocessors, Flash memory devices and embedded microprocessors for personal connectivity devices, which are referred to as Personal Connectivity Solutions (PCS).
AVO Advanced Medical Optics, Inc. (AMO) is a developer, manufacturer and marketer of medical devices for the eye and eye care products. The Company has two product lines: ophthalmic surgical and eye care. AMO's ophthalmic surgical products business develops, manufactures and markets medical devices for the cataract and refractive surgery markets. The Company focuses on three segments of the cataract surgery market: foldable intraocular lenses implanted in the lens capsule to restore sight; phacoemulsification machines used to break up the cloudy human lens prior to its replacement with an intraocular lens, and related surgical accessories such as implantation systems, viscoelastics and disposables. It also develops, manufactures and markets a range of products for use with contact lenses.
MKT Advanced Marketing Services, Inc. (AMS), incorporated in July 1992, is a distributor of general interest, computer and business books and books on tape to the membership warehouse club industry and other specialty retailers. AMS distributes its products to individual customer locations throughout the United States, Canada, Mexico and the United Kingdom. The Company's distribution centers are located in the United States, Mexico and the United Kingdom. Advantage Publishers Group (APG), the publishing arm of AMS, has three imprints: Laurel Glen, adult trade books; Silver Dolphin, juvenile books, and Thunder Bay Press, gift and promotional books. The Company operates as Advanced Marketing Services in the United States, Raincoast in Canada, AMX in Mexico, AML in Europe and Bookwise in Australia.
AVM Advanced Magnetics, Inc. is a developer of superparamagnetic iron oxide nanoparticles used in pharmaceutical products. The Company is dedicated to the development and commercialization of its nanoparticle technology for use in therapeutic iron compounds to treat anemia, as well as novel imaging agents to aid in the diagnosis of cardiovascular disease and cancer. Combidex is the Company's investigational molecular imaging agent consisting of iron oxide nanoparticles for use in conjunction with magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) to aid in the differentiation of cancerous from non-cancerous lymph nodes.
AERTA Advanced Environmental Recycling Technologies, Inc. (AERT) develops, manufactures and markets composite building materials that are used in place of traditional wood products for exterior applications in building and remodeling homes. The Company's products are sold by national companies such as the Weyerhaeuser Company (Weyerhaeuser), Lowe's Companies, Inc. (Lowe's) and Therma-Tru Corporation. AERT manufactures three product lines: commercial and residential decking planks and accessories (ChoiceDek), exterior door, window and housing trim components (MoistureShield) and industrial flooring. It operates manufacturing facilities in Texas, Springdale and Lowell, Arkansas, and Louisiana. AERT's customers are primarily regional and national door and window manufacturers, industrial flooring companies and Weyerhaeuser.
AENG.OB Advanced Engine Technologies, Inc. develops and commercializes the OX2 internal combustion engine. The Company acquired the worldwide rights for the OX2 engine pursuant to a four-party agreement among the Company, OX2 LTD, OX2 Intellectual Property Inc. and Advanced Engine Technology PTY Ltd., which became effective in May 1999. The Company also assumed responsibility for worldwide maintenance and for future research and development on the OX2 engine. As of June 30, 2004, the Company's operations consisted of engineering, testing, marketing and development of the OX2 combustion engine for commercial applications and raising any necessary capital investments. Management does not expect to generate significant sales revenue during the fiscal year ending June 30, 2005. Accordingly, planned principal operations have not commenced.
AEIS Advanced Energy Industries, Inc. designs, manufactures and supports a group of key components and subsystems primarily for vacuum process systems. The Company's major products fall into these categories: Power, Flow Control, Thermal Instrumentation and Temperature Control and Source Technology. Power systems provide the energy to drive the chemical reaction for thin-film processes such as deposition and etch. Flow Control products control the fluid or gas being delivered to ensure high purity. Thermal Instrumentation and Temperature Control products measure the temperature of the process chamber and either heat or cool the silicon wafer. Source Technology products optimize Compact Video Disc clean, deposition and etch processes while providing a low cost of ownership. The Company also offers direct current-to-direct current converters specifically designed to power low-voltage, high-current microprocessors, application-specific integrated circuits, logic and memory chips and servers.
ADTI.OB Advance Display Technologies, Inc. (ADTI) is a development-stage company engaged in the business of the technological development and manufacture of fiber optic display screen systems, the Screen business. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Company entered into the motion picture releasing and theater operations business, which has been discontinued. ADTI has not received material revenues from the sale of its products or otherwise. The Company's activities since inception have been primarily focused on research and development of its core technologies, manufacturing processes and raising operating capital. During fiscal 2004, the Company acquired all of the membership interests in Regent Theaters, L.L.C. and Regent Releasing, L.L.C., from Regent Entertainment Partnership, L.P., Dallas, Texas.
ADIC Advanced Digital Information Corporation (ADIC) is a provider of Intelligent Storage solutions for the open systems marketplace. The Company designs, markets, sells and supports hardware and software products that help a broad range of business and governmental organizations store, manage, access and protect their large-scale data more effectively. It applies technologies to provide management and automation leverage so that its customers can solve data storage problems more easily and make more effective use of digital assets and human resources. Its principal products fall broadly into three categories: automated tape libraries; data management software, and disk-based data protection solutions. End users of the Company's products represent a wide variety of industries, including the technology, financial/services, commercial/industrial and telecommunications/entertainment industries and range from mid-size businesses to Fortune 500 companies.
ABAT.OB Advanced Battery Technologies, Inc., formerly Buy It Cheap.com, Inc., develops, manufactures and distributes rechargeable polymer lithium-ion (PLI) batteries. The Company's products include rechargeable PLI batteries for mine-use lamps, electric automobiles, motorcycles, cellular phones, notebook computers, walkie-talkies and other personal electronic devices. Its batteries combine high-energy chemistry with polymer technology and overcome many of the shortcomings associated with other types of rechargeable batteries. The Company is located in the Peoples Republic of China.
AAP Advance Auto Parts Inc. is a specialty retailer of automotive parts primarily serving the United States automotive aftermarket industry. The Company retails various automotive parts, which include replacement parts (excluding tires), accessories, maintenance items, batteries and automotive chemicals for cars and light trucks (pickup trucks, vans, minivans and sport utility vehicles), primarily to do-it-yourself (DIY) customers. At January 3, 2004, Advance operated 2,539 stores within the United States, Puerto Rico and the Virgin Islands. The Company operated 2,503 stores throughout 39 states in the Northeastern, Southeastern and Midwestern regions of the United States. These stores operated primarily under the Advance Auto Parts trade name, except for the state of Florida, which operated under Advance Discount Auto Parts or Discount Auto Parts trade names.
ADTN ADTRAN Inc. develops products and services that simplify access to telecommunications networks. The Company classifies its products into three separate categories: Systems, High bit-rate Digital Subscriber Line (HDSL)/T1 and Digital Business Transport (DBT). The Systems category includes a range of products that deliver network access from the service provider's central office to the desktop of the user; the HDSL/T1 category includes a variety of Time Division Multiplex products used to deploy T1/E1, fractional T1/E1 and Symmetrical HDSL services to businesses over dedicated, leased-line copper, and the DBT category includes legacy products used to deploy Integrated Services Digital Network, Digital Data Service and Frame Relay services. The Company sells its products to a large number of service providers, including all Regional Bell Operating Companies, and to private and public enterprises worldwide.
ADST AdStar, Inc. provides technology services within the classified advertising industry. The Company's software is a suite of applications that electronically connects publishers with the source of their advertising revenue. The software applications allow professional advertising agencies businesses and individuals to electronically send ads to newspapers. This gives newspapers the ability to electronically receive classified advertising insertions directly into their publishing systems. The solutions are available in an application service provider (ASP) model whereby the Company contracts with publishers to design, implement, host and manage the online ad-taking capabilities of their Web sites. It provides all the technical and application support, customer support and security measures that the publisher needs to install its application modules and begin to generate revenue in a short time frame. In October 2003, AdStar acquired Edgil Associates, Inc.
ADPR.OB Adsouth Partners, Inc., formerly Zenith Technology, Inc., is a vertically integrated direct response marketing company that generates revenues from the placement of advertising, the production of advertisements, creative advertising and public relations consulting services. The Company is a one-stop firm that, in addition to media planning an buying, will design the look and feel of a media campaign, craft and manage the commercial production, as well as create a migration strategy to retail. In January 2004, the Company, then Zenith Technology, Inc., acquired AdSouth, Inc., a Boca Raton-based media placement and creative marketing firm, in a reverse acquisition transaction. AdSouth specialized in direct response television marketing with clients that advertise its products or services on local and national television networks. The Company's name was changed to AdSouth Partners, Inc. effective January 8, 2004.
RKY Adolph Coors Company produces beers that are designed to appeal to a range of consumer tastes, styles and price preferences. The Company owns or licenses all of its trademarks for all of its brands. Brands sold primarily in the Americas include Coors Light, Coors Original, Coors Non-Alcoholic, Extra Gold, Zima, George Killian's Irish Red Lager, Keystone, Keystone Light, Keystone Ice, Blue Moon Belgian White Ale and Mexicali. Adolph Coors also sells the Molson family of brands in the United States through a joint venture. Brands sold primarily through its subsidiary, Coors Brewers Limited, include Carling, Worthington, Caffrey's, Reef, Screamers and Stones. The Company also sells Grolsch in the United Kingdom through a joint venture. In the United Kingdom, in addition to supplying its own brands, Adolph Coors sells other beverage companies' brands to its on-premise customers in order to be able to provide them with a range of products for their retail outlets.
ADLR Adolor Corporation is a biopharmaceutical corporation specializing in the discovery, development and commercialization of prescription pain management products. Entereg (alvimopan), its lead product candidate, is being developed to manage postoperative ileus (POI), a gastrointestinal (GI) side effect. Entereg is being evaluated as an oral dosage form for patients undergoing certain types of major abdominal surgery. It is also being developed to manage the opioid bowel dysfunction (OBD), which can negatively impact the quality of life of patients using opioid analgesic products, such as morphine, for treating pain. Entereg is also being evaluated as a treatment for chronic constipation. The Company's next product candidate is a sterile lidocaine patch in clinical development for treating postoperative incisional pain. The Company also has a number of discovery research programs focused on the identification of novel compounds for the treatment of pain.
ADBE Adobe Systems Incorporated offers a line of software and services for consumers, creative professionals and enterprises. Its products are digital imaging, design and document technology platforms, which aim to enable customers to create, manage and deliver visually rich, compelling and reliable content. The Company categorizes its products into four principal business segments: Creative Professional, Digital Imaging and Video, ePaper and OEM Postscript and Other. Its software runs on Microsoft Windows, Apple Macintosh, Linux, UNIX and various non-personal computer (PC) platforms, depending on the product. Adobe distributes its products through a network of distributors and dealers, value-added resellers, systems integrators, independent software vendors and original equipment manufacturers (OEMs); direct to end users, and through the Company's Website at www.adobe.com. It also licenses its technology to hardware manufacturers, software developers and service providers.
PVD A.F.P Provida S.A. is a private pension fund administrator operating in the Republic of Chile. The Company's principal activities include collection for individual capitalization accounts, wherein each dependent worker must contribute a portion of his/her salary; voluntary savings accounts are offered as an option to customers to deposit accounts; voluntary pension savings are offered to help improve a person's pension savings; service fees; life and disability benefits, and investment services. In September 2003, A.F.P Provida acquired AFP Porvenir S.A. in the Dominican Republic from the Sarmiento Group.
ASF Administaff, Inc. is a professional employer organization that provides a Personnel Management System that encompasses a range of services, including benefits and payroll administration, health and workers' compensation insurance programs, personnel records management, employer liability management, employee recruiting and selection, employee performance management and employee training and development services to small and medium-sized businesses in strategically selected markets. The Personnel Management System is designed to improve the productivity and profitability of small and medium-sized businesses. It relieves business owners and key executives of many employer-related administrative and regulatory burdens, enabling them to focus on the core competencies of their businesses. In 2003, Administaff formed Administaff Retirement Services, LP, which performs recordkeeping services for defined contribution plans.
ADMT.OB ADM Tronics Unlimited, Inc. is a manufacturer and engineering concern whose principal lines of business are the production and sale of chemical products and manufacturing, selling and leasing of medical equipment and medical devices. The chemical product line consists of water-based chemical products used in the food packaging and converting industries. These products are sold to customers located in the United States, Australia and Europe. Medical equipment is manufactured in accordance with customer specification on a contract basis. The medical device product line consists of devices used in the treatment of joint pain, post-operative edema and tinnitus. These products are sold or leased to customers located in the United States and Asia. In April 2004, it signed an agreement with Carepoint Group of the United Kingdom, granting Carepoint exclusive worldwide rights to manufacture and distribute its medical electronic device, the Aurex-3.
KAR ADESA, Inc. is a provider of wholesale vehicle auctions and related vehicle redistribution services for the automotive industry in North America. The Company facilitates the exchange of vehicles through an auction marketplace, which aligns sellers and buyers. It earns fees from both the seller and buyer on each successful auction transaction, in addition to fees earned for ancillary services. The Company also provides services such as inbound and outbound logistics, reconditioning, vehicle inspection and certification, titling, administrative and salvage recovery services. Through its wholly owned subsidiary, AFC, Adesa provides short-term, inventory-secured financing for used vehicle dealers. The Company operates two businesses: auctions and related services and dealer financing. ADESA operates a network of 53 used vehicle auctions, 27 salvage auctions and 80 AFC loan production offices.
ADTK.OB Adept Technology, Inc. provides intelligent production automation solutions, components and services to customers in many industries, including the electronics/communications, food, automotive, appliance, semiconductor, original equipment manufacturing (OEM) and life sciences industries. The Company offers its customers comprehensive and tailored automation products that reduce the time and cost to design, engineer and launch high-volume production. Its product range includes integrated real-time vision and multi-axis motion controls, machine vision systems and software, application development software, industrial robots and linear modules. The Company has expanded its robot product lines and developed advanced software and sensing technologies that have enabled robots to perform a wider range of functions.
ADO Adecco S.A. is engaged in the provision of human resources solutions. The Company delivers a range of flexible staffing and career resources to corporate clients and qualified associates. During the fiscal year ended December 28, 2003, it was comprised of four divisions. The Adecco Staffing division focuses on providing flexible staffing solutions to a range of businesses and industries, including the automotive, banking, electronics, logistics and telecommunications sectors. The Ajilon Professional division offers a range of specialized staffing and consulting businesses, with particular emphasis on the provision of information technology services, finance and accounting and high-end clerical support. The LHH Career Services division provides outplacement and counseling to employees in transition, together with leadership development and organizational consulting. The e-HR Services and Others division provides online recruitment advertising.
ADEX ADE Corporation is engaged in the design, manufacture, marketing and service of production metrology and inspection systems for the semiconductor wafer, semiconductor device, magnetic data storage and optics manufacturing industries. The Company is also engaged in automated measurement, defect detection and handling equipment with applications in the production of semiconductor wafers, integrated circuits (ICs), magnetic data storage and optics industries. The Company's products have evolved from single-instruments used in offline engineering analysis to full, 100% in-line, automated metrology solutions throughout the wafer, semiconductor device and magnetic data storage manufacturing processes. These systems are targeted to deliver the high-throughput, reliability, information and analysis necessary to meet the demands of increasingly complex and time-sensitive manufacturing processes.
AEY ADDvantage Technologies Group, Inc. is a supplier of a comprehensive line of electronics and hardware for the cable television (CATV) industry. The Company's products are used to acquire, distribute and protect the broad range of communications signals carried on fiber optic, coaxial cable and wireless distribution systems. These products are sold to customers providing an array of communications services, including television, high-speed data (Internet) and telephony, to single family dwellings, apartments and institutions, such as hospitals, prisons, universities, schools, cruise boats and others. TULSAT, one of its subsidiaries, is an exclusive Scientific-Atlanta Master Distributor for certain legacy products and distributes most of Scientific-Atlanta's other products. Another subsidiary, NCS Industries, is a distributor of Motorola broadband products. Other subsidiaries distribute Standard, Corning-Gilbert, Blonder-Tongue, RL Drake, Quintech and Videotek products.
ADCT ADC Telecommunications, Inc. is a global supplier of broadband network equipment, software and systems integration services that enable communications service providers to deliver high-speed Internet, data, video and voice services to consumers and businesses worldwide. The Company offers its products and services through two segments, broadband infrastructure and access and integrated solutions. The broadband infrastructure and access business focuses on broadband connectivity products for a variety of communications network applications, digital subscriber line offerings for the telecommunications industry and Internet protocol (IP)-based offerings for the cable industry. The integrated solutions business focuses on systems integration services and operations support system software.
ADPT Adaptec, Inc. designs, manufactures and markets an end-to-end set of direct-attached and networked storage solutions that help information technology organizations move, manage and protect critical data and digital content. The Company's software and hardware solutions range from application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) and retrieval and information database (RAID) components to complete external storage arrays, and span small computer system interface (SCSI), serial attached SCSI, serial advanced technology attachment (ATA), fibre channel and SCSI protocol over TCP/IP (iSCSI) technologies. Adaptec's products are sold through original equipment manufacturers and distribution channel customers to enterprises, Internet service providers, small and midsize businesses, government agencies, value-added resellers and retail consumers across geographically markets. Adaptec operates in three business segments: Storage Solutions Group, Desktop Solutions Group and Storage Networking Group.
AE Adams Resources &amp; Energy, Inc. is engaged in the business of marketing crude oil, natural gas and petroleum products, tank truck transportation of liquid chemicals and oil and gas exploration and production. The Company's subsidiaries, in the marketing segment include Gulfmark Energy, Inc. (Gulfmark), Adams Resources Marketing, Ltd. (ARM) and Ada Resources, Inc. (Ada) and in the tank truck transportation segment, its subsidiaries include Service Transport Company (STC). The Company's oil and gas exploration and production activities are conducted through Adams Resources Exploration Corporation.
ADGO.OB Adams Golf, Inc. designs, assembles, markets and distributes golf clubs, including the Ovation Fairway woods; Redline drivers and fairway woods; the Tight Lies family of fairway woods and drivers; the Adams Golf Idea, A1 and A1 Pro Irons and Idea i-Woods; the Tight Lies GT irons and i-Woods; the Tom Watson signature series of wedges; the GT Spec Putters, and certain accessories. The Company now conducts its operations through several direct and indirect wholly owned subsidiaries, agencies and distributorships. It operates in a single segment, which is golf clubs and accessories, and offers more than one class of product within that segment.
ADX The Adams Express Company is a diversified equity investment company with a conservative investment philosophy suitable as a core holding for long-term investors. Structured as a closed-end fund since 1929, the Company's investment objectives are preservation of capital, the attainment of reasonable income from investments, and an opportunity for capital appreciation. The portfolio is managed with the expectation that it will generate market returns with lower-than-market risk for shareholders. Adams Express is internally managed.
ADAM A.D.A.M., Inc. specializes in the creation and delivery of interactive health content that can be used by healthcare consumers, those with low health literacy and those who play an ongoing role in their personal health management. The Company's products can be used for learning about general health concerns, specific diseases and treatments, surgical procedures, drug information, specialty health subjects, such as women's health and children's health, nutrition, alternative medicine and more. Health Illustrated Encyclopedia, In-Depth Disease and Condition Reports, Consumer ACCESS, Care Guides, Pregnancy Health Center and Surgeries and Procedures are some of the Company's products.
ADES ADA-ES, Inc. is an environmental technology and specialty chemicals company helping electric utility companies remain competitive, while meeting environmental regulations. The major activities of the Company include the sale of flue gas conditioning (FGC) and other chemicals and technologies for electric generating coal-fired boilers and testing and services related to the emerging market for mercury emission control (MEC) for such boilers. The Company has entered this market with its non-toxic chemical conditioner that offers both technical and economic advantages over the hazardous chemicals that have been in use. Its mercury control technology that has been demonstrated to reduce mercury emission over plant configurations and coal types, and its products, such as ADA-249 that provide utilities flexibility in choosing the fuel they plan to burn
ACXM Acxiom Corporation integrates data, services and technology to create and deliver customer and information management solutions for companies. The components of the Company's solutions are Customer Data Integration (CDI) technology, data, database services, information technology (IT) outsourcing, consulting and analytics, as well as privacy leadership. Its products and services enable clients to use information to improve their business decision-making processes and manage customer relationships. Acxiom's business segments are Services, Data and Software Products and Information Technology Management. The Company's client base consists of companies in the financial services, insurance, information services, direct marketing, publishing and retail and telecommunications industries. Some of its clients are Allstate, Bank of America, BankOne, Baxter, Capital One, CitiGroup, eFunds, GE, General Motors, IBM, Information Services Inc., JP Morgan Chase, Philip Morris, Sprint and TransUnion.
ACUS Acusphere, Inc. is a specialty pharmaceutical company that develops drugs and improved formulations of existing drugs using its proprietary porous microparticle technology. The Company's three product candidates are in clinical development and are designed to address unmet clinical needs in the areas of cardiology, oncology and asthma. Acusphere's technology enables the Company to control the size and porosity of particles, including nanoparticles and microparticles in a versatile manner. Acusphere's product candidates are AI-700, an intravenous delivery of gas for ultrasound contrast; AI-850, a product candidate utilizing its hydrophobic drug delivery system technology, and the AI-128, a product candidate utilizing its pulmonary drug delivery system technology.
ACUR.OB Acura Pharmaceuticals, Inc., formerly Halsey Drug Co., Inc., is a specialty pharmaceutical company engaged in research, development and manufacture of abuse deterrent formulations for use in orally administered opioid-containing pharmaceutical products. It is also engaged in research, development and manufacture of proprietary, high-yield, short cycle time, environmentally sensitive opioid synthetic processes (the Opioid Synthesis Technologies) for use in the commercial production of certain bulk opioid active pharmaceutical ingredients. The Company' proprietary Opioid Synthesis Technology includes Oxycodone HCl, Hydrocodone Bitartrate, Oxycodone HCl, Codeine Phosphate, Hydrocodone Bitartrate, Morphine Sulfate, Dihydrocodeine Bitartrate, Codeine Phosphate and Codeine Phosphate.
AYI Acuity Brands, Inc. is a holding company that owns and manages two businesses that are segmented based on the distinctive markets served: lighting equipment and specialty products. The lighting equipment segment of the Company (Acuity Brands Lighting or ABL) designs, produces and distributes a broad array of indoor and outdoor lighting fixtures for commercial and institutional, industrial, infrastructure, and residential applications for various markets throughout North America and select international markets. The specialty products segment of Acuity Brands (Acuity Specialty Products or ASP) formulates, produces and distributes specialty chemical products, including cleaners, deodorizers, sanitizers, and pesticides for industrial and institutional, commercial, and residential applications primarily for various markets throughout North America and Europe.
ACTU Actuate Corporation provides an Enterprise Reporting Application Platform, a unified software platform that enables large organizations and packaged application software vendors to develop and deploy self-service, customer and employee-facing Enterprise Reporting Applications. The Company's Actuate 7 product line provides a platform upon which Global 9000 organizations (companies with annual revenues greater than $1 billion) and packaged application software vendors develop and deploy mission-critical Enterprise Reporting Applications that retrieve business information from corporate databases and deliver it as interactive Web pages, Excel spreadsheets and analytic cubes to customers, partners and employees around the globe. Its products and services are used by its customers to develop and deploy Enterprise Reporting Applications across a range of business functions, including financial management, sales management, account management and customer self-service.
ATU Actuant Corporation is a global manufacturer and marketer of a broad range of industrial products and systems. The Company is organized into two business segments, tools, and supplies and engineered solutions. Tools and supplies sells branded specialized electrical and industrial tools and supplies to hydraulic and electrical wholesale distributors, to catalog houses and through various retail distribution channels. Engineered solutions' primary expertise is in designing, manufacturing and marketing customized motion control systems primarily for original equipment manufacturers in diversified markets. During the fiscal year ended August 31, 2004, the Company acquired Kwikee Products, Inc., and Dresco B.V., Kwikee is included in the engineered solutions segment and Dresco is included in the tools and supplies segment. In December 2004, the Company acquired Key Components Inc., a manufacturer of custom-engineered componentry for application in a diverse array of end-use products.
ATVI Activision, Inc. is a publisher of interactive entertainment software products. The Company portfolio of products spans a range of categories and target markets, which is used on game hardware platforms and operating systems. Activision has created, licensed and acquired a group of recognizable brands, which it markets to consumer demographics. During the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the product portfolio included Tony Hawk's Underground, True Crime: Streets of L.A., Call of Duty and X2: Wolverine's Revenge. The products cover game categories include action/adventure, action sports, racing, role-playing, simulation, first-person action and strategy. It's target customer base ranges from game enthusiasts and children to mass-market consumers and value buyers. It offers products versions on the Sony PlayStation 2 (PS2), Nintendo GameCube (GameCube) and Microsoft Xbox (Xbox) console systems, Nintendo Game Boy Advance (GBA) handheld device and the personal computer (PC).
AWLD.OB Activeworlds Corp. is seeking business opportunities. The Company operated the business of providing Internet software products and services that enabled the delivery of three dimensional content over the Internet through its wholly owned subsidiary, Activeworlds, Inc, until July 2002. The Company closed an agreement to sell the subsidiary to its former management in September 2002, at which time the Company became inactive. Activeworlds may agree to merge, consolidate or reorganize with another corporation or form of business organization.
ACPW Active Power, Inc. designs, manufactures and markets power quality products that provide the consistent, reliable electric power required by the digital economy. The Company has commercialized a flywheel energy storage system that provides a reliable, low-cost and non-toxic replacement for the lead-acid batteries used in conventional power quality installations. Leveraging its expertise in this technology, Active Power has developed a battery-free uninterruptible power supply (UPS). The Company has also developed a battery-free DC (direct current) system that is compatible with all major UPS brands, CleanSource DC. Its family of battery-free products ranges from 65 kVA (kilovolt-ampere) - 1200 kVA. In addition, Active Power offers the GenSTART system, a battery-free starting system that increases the start reliability of up to eight megawatts of multiple backup engine generator systems.
ACTI ActivCard Corp. develops, markets and supports authentication and digital identity systems and products that enable its customers to issue, use and maintain digital identities in a secure, manageable and reliable manner. The Company's systems and products include software and hardware products that facilitate the authentication of a user to a network, a system or an application through a number of different personal security devices, such as a smart card, token, biometric device, mobile phone or personal digital assistant. ActivCard's systems support a range of authentication methods, including passwords, public key infrastructure (PKI), remote network-access login, biometrics, multi-function smart cards and multi-function smart cards with picture identification that can also be used for physical access control. In December 2004, the Company acquired the remaining 51% equity interest in ActivCard Corp, the United Kingdom-based company.
AVWI.OB ActionView International, Inc. is engaged in the development, assembly and marketing of a computer programmable, scrolling backlit, billboard poster sign, for use in retail advertising venues. The Company conducts its business through its wholly owned subsidiary, Action View Advertising Systems, Inc., which was acquired in September 2003. The Company's billboard sign offers advertisers backlit graphics, high-quality color resolution and the capacity to have 12 different scrolling images per display unit in a four-foot by six-foot format. ActionView also offers a motion billboard in a six-foot by nine-foot format with a capacity to display six different images. In August 2003, the Company changed its name from Acquisition Media, Inc. to ActionView International, Inc.
APII Action Products International, Inc. is a brand-focused, educational toy company. The Company designs, manufactures and markets a diversified portfolio of educational, positive and non-violent brands of toy products, to various retailing channels such as toy stores, specialty retailers, education outlets, museums and attractions in the United States and throughout the world. Action Products International sells its educational toy product lines under the umbrella name Action Products. Products include premium wooden toys, action figures, play-sets, activity kits and various other playthings with a strategic emphasis on non-violent and educational and fun topics such as Space, dinosaurs, science, and nature. Its products are sold under the following brand names: Jay Jay The Jet Plane, Climb@Tron and Wild Climbers, Kidz Workshop, I Dig Excavation Adventures and Space Voyagers.
ATN Action Performance Companies, Inc. is a designer and marketer of licensed motor sports products related to the National Association of Stock Car Auto Racing (NASCAR), including die-cast scaled replicas of motor sports vehicles, apparel and memorabilia. NASCAR is a motor sports sanctioning body in the United States and sanctions the Nextel Cup (formerly Winston Cup) series of stock car races. Action has exclusive license agreements with recognized names in NASCAR. It also designs and sells products relating to other motor sports, including racing sanctioned by the National Hot Rod Association (NHRA), Formula One, the Indy Racing League (IRL), International Race of Champions (IROC) and the World of Outlaws. Action distributes its products through a number of channels, including a network of wholesale distributors, mass-market retailers, mobile trackside stores, the QVC home shopping channel and the Company's members-only collectors' club catalog.
ACTL Actel Corporation designs, develops and markets field programmable gate arrays (FPGAs) and supporting products and services. The Company's FPGA product line consists of reprogrammable FPGAs based on flash technology, one-time programmable FPGAs based on antifuse technology, and high-reliability (HiRel) FPGAs. FPGAs are used by manufacturers of communications, computer, consumer, industrial, military and aerospace and other electronic systems to differentiate their products and get them to market faster. In support of its FPGAs, Actel offers application specific integrated circuit (ASIC) conversion products, intellectual property (IP) cores, development systems, programming hardware, debugging tool kits and demonstration boards, a Web-based resource center and design and programming services.
ACTT ACT Teleconferencing, Inc. (ACT) is a provider of audio, video, data and Web-based conferencing services to businesses and organizations in North America, Europe and Asia Pacific. Its conferencing services enable its clients to conduct full-service international conferences exchanging video, data and audio, by linking participants in geographically dispersed locations. The Company has operations in nine countries and provides local access dial in access from a total of 45 countries. Its primary focus is to provide conferencing services to organizations, such as professional service firms, investment banks, high-tech companies, law firms, investor relations firms, telecommunications companies and other domestic and multinational companies. ACT's services include Audioconferencing Services, Videoconferencing Services and Web Conferencing.
ACSEF ACS - Tech 80 Ltd. combines proprietary software and advanced electronics in the development and production of universal, fully digital, motion-control products. These motion-control products provide automated systems with the ability to move accurately, quickly and in accordance with the needs of a specific application. The Company's motion-control products are utilized in advanced industrial applications, medical scanning and imaging systems, semiconductor manufacturing equipment, electronic testing and inspection stations and printing machinery.
AGNM.OB Acrongenomics Inc. is a biotechnology company engaged in research and development. The Company is in the development stage. Acrongenomics's mandate is for the investigation and acquisition of companies in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology fields. The target companies are those that have products that are at or near the market, as well as research capabilities for the development of new products going forward.
ACRG.OB ACR Group, Inc. (ACRG) is engaged in the wholesale distribution of heating, ventilating, air conditioning and refrigeration (HVACR) equipment and supplies. ACRG has acquired or started seven additional HVACR distribution companies and has 45 branch operations in nine states. The Company's operations are conducted through six business units that participate in the wholesale distribution of HVACR equipment and supplies: ACR Supply, Heating and Cooling Supply, Total Supply, Florida Cooling Supply, ACH Supply and Contractors Heating &amp; Supply. In October 2003, the Company sold Lifetime Filter.
ACNB.OB ACNB Corporation is financial holding company headquartered in Gettysburg, Pennsylvania. Through its banking and non-banking subsidiaries, ACNB provides a range of banking and financial services to individuals and businesses, including commercial and retail banking, trust, accounting and insurance. ACNB's operations are conducted through its primary operating subsidiary, Adams County National Bank with 19 offices in Adams, Cumberland and York Counties. Its non-banking subsidiary, the Pennbanks Insurance Co., was organized in 2000, and holds an unrestricted Class B Insurer's License under Cayman Islands Insurance Law. The segregated portfolio is engaged in the business of reinsuring credit life and credit accident and disability risks.
ACU Acme United Corporation manufactures and sells cutting devices, measuring instruments and safety products for school, office and home use in the United States, Canada and Europe. The Company's operations consist of a single reportable segment, which operates in the United States, Canada, Germany and Hong Kong. Principal products are scissors, shears, rulers, first aid kits and related products, which are sold primarily to wholesale, contract and retail stationery distributors, office supply super stores, school supply distributors, drug store retailers and mass market retailers. Recent introductions include a proprietary titanium steel blade, measuring and math products and professional-grade aluminum rulers. Acme had three customers with sales of 10% or more of total sales in 2003. Acme expanded its line of safety products, and has become the primary consolidator of these items in the commercial office market.
ACME ACME Communications, Inc. (ACME) owns and operates nine broadcast television stations in medium-sized markets across the United States. Eight of these television stations are network affiliates of The WB Television Network and one station is a network affiliate of UPN. The Company's programming includes The WB Network prime time programming, Kids' WB!, syndicated programming, The Daily Buzz and local programming. ACME's continuing stations include KUWB: Salt Lake City, Utah; KWBQ: Albuquerque-Santa Fe, New Mexico; KASY: Albuquerque-Santa Fe, New Mexico; WBDT: Dayton, Ohio; WBXX: Knoxville, Tennessee; WIWB: Green Bay-Appleton, Wisconsin; WTVK: Ft. Myers-Naples, Florida; WBUI: Champaign-Springfield-Decatur, Illinois, and WBUW: Madison, Wisconsin.
ACG ACM Income Fund, Inc. (the Fund) is a non-diversified, closed-end management investment company. This closed-end fund is designed to provide high current income consistent with the preservation of capital. The Fund invests principally in U.S. government obligations. The Fund may also invest up to 35% of its assets in other fixed-income securities, including those issued by foreign governments. Additionally, the Fund may utilize other investment instruments, including options and futures.
ACET Aceto Corporation is a global distributor of chemically derived pharmaceuticals, biopharmaceuticals and specialty chemicals. The Company, together with its operating subsidiaries, has offices in China, Germany, France, the Netherlands, Singapore, India, Poland, Hong Kong, the United Kingdom and the United States, as well as warehouses worldwide. Aceto's customers include a wide range of companies in the industrial chemical, agricultural and health science industries, including small trading companies and large corportions. Aceto operates in four reportable segments: health sciences, chemicals and colorants, agrochemicals and institutional sanitary supplies and other. In December 2003, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Aceto Holding GmbH, the Company acquired Pharma Waldhof GmbH &amp; Co. KG, which is engaged in the distribution of biologically and chemically derived active pharma ingredients used in therapeutic and diagnostic products.
ACE ACE Limited is a holding company that, through its subsidiaries, provides a range of insurance and reinsurance products to insureds worldwide through operations in the United States and almost 50 other countries. ACE operates through four segments: Insurance-North American, Insurance-Overseas General, Global Reinsurance and Financial Services. The Insurance-North American segment consists of the Company's property and casualty insurance operations in the United States, Bermuda and Canada. The Insurance-Overseas General segment writes a variety of insurance products including property, casualty, professional lines, marine, energy, aviation, political risk, consumer-oriented products and accident and health. The Global Reinsurance segment provides property catastrophe, casualty and property reinsurance, and reinsurance coverage to other life insurance companies. The Financial Services segment consists of two broad categories, financial guaranty and financial solutions.
ACEC ACE*COMM Corporation is a global provider of advanced operations support systems (OSS) solutions for telecommunications (telecom) service providers and enterprises. The solutions are applicable to a range of networks, from legacy through next-generation, which includes wired, wireless, voice, data, multi-media and Internet communications. These products and services include the analytical tools required for customers to extract information from their own operating networks. The customers can use the information for revenue assurance, to reduce costs, to accelerate time-to-market for new services, and to provide more effective customer care. In February 2004, the Company acquired certain assets of Intasys, and offers interoperable wireless customer care and billing and electronic payment solutions for operators around the world. It markets the Intasys solutions and Convergent Mediation product lines to telecommunications and Internet communications service providers.
AACE ACE Cash Express, Inc. (ACE) provides financial services, including check cashing, short-term consumer loans and bill payment services. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Company had a total network of 1,230 stores in 36 states and the District of Columbia, consisting of 1,026 Company-owned stores and 204 franchised stores. ACE stores offer check cashing, loans and other retail financial services at competitive rates in clean settings during hours convenient for its customers. The Company's stores are located in highly visible, accessible locations, usually in strip shopping centers, free-standing buildings and kiosks located inside retail stores.
ACUP.OB AccuPoll Holding Corp. is engaged in developing and marketing computerized voting machines and their associated products and services for use in federal, state, local and private elections. The Company principally operates through its wholly owned subsidiary, AccuPoll, Inc., which has designed and developed an intuitive touchscreen interface that provides a polling place electronic voting solution that aims to be completely confidential, reliable, accurate, immediate, secure and auditable. The Company has developed a direct recording electronic (DRE) voting system that provides a voter-verified paper audit trail that is both human and machine readable. Its system was qualified as meeting federal voting system standards on March 25, 2004. The AccuPoll DRE has the ability to simultaneously produce two different electronic audit trails, such as recording on both the polling place administrative work station and the local voting station, in addition to generating a printed-paper ballot.
APES.OB Accufacts Pre-Employment Screening, Inc. is primarily engaged in researching and providing decision support information to its clients, generally Human Resources departments of corporations, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Maglio-Accufacts Pre-Employment Screening, Inc. These services typically include pre-employment background checks and screenings of new hire candidates and/or employees. The background information products and services provided by the Company include Criminal History Checks, Credit Information Checks, Social Security Number Verifications, Motor Vehicle Reports, Employment Verifications, Education Verifications, Professional/Personal Reference Verifications, Professional License Verifications and Federal Criminal/Civil Searches, as well as substance testing and exit interviews.
ACDO Accredo Health, Inc. provides specialty retail pharmacy services, clinical services, reimbursement services and delivery services. The Company addresses the needs of the manufacturers by providing specialized services that facilitate product launch and patient acceptance, including the collection of timely drug utilization and patient compliance information, patient education and monitoring through the use of written materials and telephonic consultation, reimbursement expertise and overnight drug delivery. It has designed its specialty retail pharmacy services to focus primarily on biotechnology injectable drugs that are used on a recurring basis to treat chronic and potentially life threatening diseases, which are expensive and require temperature control or other specialized handling as part of their distribution process.
LEND Accredited Home Lenders Holdings Co. is a nationwide mortgage banking company that originates, finances, sells, securitizes and services non-prime mortgage loans secured by residential real estate. Accredited focuses on borrowers who may not meet conforming underwriting guidelines, because of higher loan-to-value ratios, the nature or absence of income documentation, limited credit histories, high levels of consumer debt or past credit difficulties. During the year ended December 31, 2003, approximately 89% and 11% of its loan originations were originated through its wholesale and retail channels, respectively. During 2003, wholesale loan originations were originated through approximately 6,800 brokers, and the retail channel originated mortgages through 285 loan officers working in 29 retail branches and generated leads, primarily through telemarketing, direct mail and the Internet.
ASTI.OB AccessTel, Inc. is insolvent and has no business operations. Its efforts are focused on maintaining the corporate entity. It may have to file for protection under the United States Bankruptcy Code. Accordingly, there can be no assurances that the Company will be able to continue in existence. The Company is not engaged in any substantive business activity and has no plans to engage in any such activity in the foreseeable future. It may be deemed to be a vehicle to acquire or merge with a business or company. The Company's plan of operation is to consider guidelines of industries, in which it may have an interest; adopt a business plan regarding engaging in the business of any selected industry and commence such operations through funding and/or the acquisition of a going concern engaged in any industry selected. In October 2004, the Company acquired Global Invest Holdings, Inc., a United States-based company engaged in the production and marketing of textile products.
ACTY Accessity Corp., formerly known as DriverShield Corp., was engaged in automotive fleet management and administration of automotive repairs for businesses, insurance companies and members of affinity groups. Accessity was the parent company to driversshield.com FS Corp., an automotive fleet administrator. On February 7, 2002, all of the outstanding shares of driversshield.com FS Corp. were sold. On January 2, 2003, Accessity established a strategic partnership with a third party and transferred the management and operating responsibilities of its DriverShield CRM unit in exchange for profit sharing. DriverShield CRM provided collision repair management services for insurance industry clients. On August 1, 2003, the Company's business unit offering automobile services to affinity groups was sold to the president of that business unit. Accessity's remaining business activities are operated by its subsidiary, Sentaur Corp., which specializes in medical billing recovery for hospitals.
AWWC.OB Access Worldwide Communications, Inc. is an outsourced marketing services company that operates through two business segments, Pharmaceutical Services and Business Services. The Pharmaceutical Services segment consists of the Company's medical education business, AM Medica Communications Group, and the pharmaceutical communication center, TMS Professional Markets Group, which provide medical education, medical publishing, product detailing, physician and pharmacist profiling, patient education, disease management, pharmacy stocking and clinical trial recruitment to the pharmaceutical and medical industries. The Business Services segment consists of the Company's multilingual communication business, TelAc Teleservices Group, and the business services division of TMS, which provide telemarketing services, including inbound and outbound programs, to clients in the telecommunications, financial services, insurance and consumer products industries.
AKC Access Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (Access) is a pharmaceutical company focused on developing both low-development risk product candidates and technologies with longer-term major product opportunities. Together with its subsidiaries, it has patents or rights to eight drug delivery technology platforms: synthetic polymer targeted delivery, vitamin mediated targeted delivery, vitamin mediated oral delivery, bioerodible cross-linker technology, mucoadhesive disc technology, hydrogel particle aggregate technology, residerm topical delivery and carbohydrate targeting technology. Marketed products include amlexanox 5% paste (marketed under the trade names Aphthasol and Aptheal) and Zindaclin. In January 2004, Access signed a licensing agreement with Wyeth Consumer Healthcare, granting Wyeth a license to market the Company's OraDisc product in the United States, Canada and Mexico, with additional rights to extend the marketing rights worldwide.
ANCX Access National Corporation (the Corporation) operates as a bank holding company. The Corporation has three wholly owned subsidiaries: Access National Bank (the Bank), Access Capital Trust I and Access Capital Trust II. The Corporation does not have any significant operations and serves primarily as the parent company for the Bank, providing a capital base that can be used to engage in bank-related businesses. Access Capital Trust I and Access Capital Trust II were formed for the purpose of issuing redeemable capital securities.
AIX Access Integrated Technologies (AccessIT) is a provider of software, technology and data services principally to the entertainment industry. Supported by a network of Internet Data Centers, AccessIT can provide its motion picture studio customers with secure, end-to-end management and delivery of digital cinema and other pre-recorded digital content to a broad range of entertainment venues. For other enterprise customers, AccessIT provides an array of complementary data storage and remote, real-time network monitoring and management services on an around-the-clock basis.
AABC Access Anytime Bancorp, Inc. is the holding company for FirstBank (the Bank). The Bank is engaged in the business of attracting deposits from the general public, making loans secured by first liens on single-family homes (primarily for sale into the secondary market), commercial and consumer loans and investing in securities. The principal sources of funds for the Bank's lending and investing activities include the sale of loans, principal payments and prepayments on loans and mortgage related securities, and deposits. The Bank conducts banking operations through seven offices located in Albuquerque, Clovis, Gallup and Portales, New Mexico. It has a normal lending territory that includes all areas within New Mexico; Arizona, and a 100-mile radius from the Bank's offices in Clovis, New Mexico, which extends into Texas.
ACN Accenture Ltd. is a management consulting, technology services and outsourcing organization with over 110 offices in 48 countries. The Company's business consists of using industry and business-process knowledge, service offering expertise and insight into, and access to, existing and emerging technologies to identify new business and technology trends, and formulate and implement solutions for clients under demanding time constraints. Accenture helps clients identify and enter new markets, increase revenues in existing markets, improve operational performance and deliver their products and services more effectively and efficiently. The Company's business is structured around five operating groups, which, together, are comprised of 18 industry groups serving clients in every major industry. Its operating groups are Communications and High Tech, Financial Services, Government, Products and Resources.
ACCL Accelrys, Inc., formerly Pharmacopeia, Inc. develops and commercializes scientific software and technology that accelerates and improves drug discovery and chemical development. The Company's molecular modeling, simulation, informatics, workflow and data pipelining software supports both the life sciences and materials research markets. Its life science solutions support pharmaceutical biotechnology companies, while its material science solutions support companies that develop companies that develop and optimize materials and chemicals, such as companies serving the chemicals, petrochemicals, food, personal care products, electronics and nanotechnology industries.
AXK Accelr8 Technology Corporation provided software tools and consulting services for system modernization solutions for VMS legacy systems. The Company acquired OpTest portfolio of technologies from DDx, Inc. on January 18, 2001. Since the acquisition of the OpTest assets, Accerl8 has focused primarily upon furthering the research and development of the acquired technologies, and the development of revenue producing products related to that technology. The purchase of OpTest provided the company with a surface chemistry formulation and quantitative bio-analytical measurement instruments. On July 30, 2004, Accelr8 completed the sale of the assets related to the software business, which consisted of tools for legacy-code modernization and the resale of third-party software (the software migration business) to Transoft Group Ltd. The company manufactures and markets OptArray microarraying slides (OptArray) and have also developed OptiPlate arrayable microtiter plates (OptiPlate).
ACAM Acambis plc is a developer of vaccines against infectious diseases. In its smallpox vaccine franchise, the Company has two investigational products, ACAM2000 and Modified Vaccinia Ankara (MVA), and also acts as agent for sales of a third investigational product, Vaccinia Immune Globulin (VIG), for Cangene Corporation outside North America and Israel. As a result of the Berna Products Corporation (BPC) acquisition in August 2003, Acambis is developing a travel vaccine franchise and has a number of vaccines undergoing clinical testing that it plans to channel through BPC alongside Vivotif, including vaccines against yellow fever and Japanese encephalitis. A vaccine against dengue fever is being developed in collaboration with Aventis Pasteur. In November 2003, Acambis initiated human clinical trials of a vaccine against the West Nile virus. Initial data from this trial was reported in May 2004.
AKR Acadia Realty Trust is an integrated, self-managed and self-administered equity real estate investment trust (REIT) focused on the ownership, acquisition, redevelopment and management of neighborhood and community shopping centers anchored by grocery and retail. Acadia Strategic Opportunity Fund and Acadia Strategic Opportunity Fund II, LLC serve as the Company's primary vehicle for the acquisition of assets. All of Acadia Realty's assets are held by, and all of its operations are conducted through, Acadia Realty Limited Partnership (the Operating Partnership) and its majority-owned subsidiaries. The Company operates 62 properties, which it owns or has an ownership interest in, consisting of 58 neighborhood and community shopping centers, one enclosed mall, one mixed-use property (retail/residential) and two multi-family properties that are located primarily in the Northeast, Mid-Atlantic and Midwestern regions of the United States.
ACAD ACADIA Pharmaceuticals Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and commercialization of small-molecule drugs for the treatment of central nervous system disorders. The Company has five drug programs in clinical and preclinical development. Its three clinical programs are ACP-103 for treatment-induced dysfunction in Parkinson's disease, which is in Phase II clinical trials, and ACP-104 and ACP-103, both for the treatment of schizophrenia, which are expected to enter into Phase II clinical trials in 2004. The Company has retained worldwide commercialization rights to these drug candidates. It also has two preclinical programs for the development of drug candidates for neuropathic pain and glaucoma in collaboration with Allergan. Using its proprietary drug discovery platform, ACADIA has discovered all of the drug candidates in its product pipeline.
CBMX CombiMatrix Group is the life sciences business of Acacia Research Corporation. The Company is comprised of a wholly owned subsidiary, CombiMatrix Corporation, and its majority-owned subsidiaries, Advanced Material Sciences, Inc. and CombiMatrix K.K. CombiMatrix Corporation is a life sciences technology company with a system for rapid, cost-competitive creation of deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) and other compounds on a programmable semiconductor chip. This technology has applications in the areas of genomics, proteomics, biosensors, drug discovery, drug development, diagnostics, combinatorial chemistry, material sciences and nanotechnology.
ACTG Acacia Technologies Group, the intellectual property licensing business of Acacia Research Corporation, owns and out-licenses a portfolio of pioneering United States and foreign patents covering digital audio and video transmission and receiving systems, commonly known as audio-on-demand, video-on-demand and audio/video streaming. The Acacia Technologies Group principally consists of Acacia Research Corporation's wholly owned subsidiaries, Acacia Media Technologies Corporation (Acacia Media Technologies), and Soundview Technologies Incorporated (Soundview Technologies), and includes all corporate assets and liabilities and related transactions of Acacia Research Corporation that relate to its intellectual property licensing business.
ACMR A.C. Moore Arts &amp; Crafts, Inc. is a specialty retailer offering a selection of arts, crafts and floral merchandise to a broad demographic of consumers. As of December 31, 2003, the Company operated an 81-store chain of retail arts and crafts stores in the eastern region of the United States. Its target customers are primarily women between the ages of 25 and 55 who are looking for ideas to decorate their homes or create handmade items or are otherwise engaged in arts and crafts activities. The Company's assortment of merchandise consists of more than 60,000 stock keeping units (SKUs), with approximately 45,000 SKUs offered at each store at any one time. It has five major merchandise categories: Art Supplies, Scrapbooking and Frames; Traditional Crafts; Floral and Accessories; Fashion Crafts, and Seasonal Items.
ABXA.OB ABX Air, Inc. (ABX) was recently a wholly owned subsidiary of Airborne, Inc. (Airborne). On August 15, 2003, ABX was separated from Airborne and became an independent, publicly owned company. ABX is an airline providing air cargo transportation and hub services within the United States and to Canada and Puerto Rico. The Company operates and maintains an in-service fleet of 115 aircraft. Through a network of 12 hubs in the United States, the Company provides package sorting and handling services. ABX utilizes contracted line-haul from third-party trucking companies to transport deferred delivery cargo within its network. Deferred delivery cargo must be delivered at a specific time, but is less time sensitive than express freight typically transported by its aircraft. ABX does not provide local pickup and delivery services to consumers.
ABP Abraxas Petroleum Corporation is an independent energy company primarily engaged in the acquisition, development, exploitation and production of crude oil and natural gas. Its primary operating areas are Texas, in which it operates 94% of its wells; Wyoming, in which it holds over 60,000 contiguous acres in the Powder River Basin, and western Canada, in which it owns properties consisting primarily of natural gas reserves and undeveloped acreage in the provinces of Alberta and British Columbia.
ABRI Abrams Industries, Inc. provides energy engineering services and develops, implements and supports maintenance and service request solutions for facilities. The Company implements energy saving lighting programs and provides other energy services, including facility-related improvements that reduce energy and operating costs, and engages in real estate investment and development. The Company operates through four segments: Energy and Facilities Solutions, Energy Services, Real Estate and Construction. In December 2003, the Company acquired the business and assets of The Wheatstone Energy Group, Inc. In April 2004, the Company also acquired iTendant, Inc. In May 2004, the Company further expanded its energy engineering and design capabilities through the purchase of the business and assets of Building Performance Engineers, Inc. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), sales from Home Depot, Inc. accounted for approximately 38% of its revenue.
ABN ABN AMRO Holding N.V. is an international banking group offering a range of banking products and financial services on a global basis. The Company's three global strategic business units (SBUs) are consumer and commercial clients, wholesale clients and private clients and asset management. The SBUs have operations in 63 countries and territories, and the Company's three markets are the Netherlands, the Midwestern United States and Brazil. During the year ended December 31, 2003, ABN AMRO had total consolidated assets of 560.4 billion Euros. ABN AMRO has a controlling 81% interest in Bank of Asia in Thailand. In February 2004, the Company announced the intention to divest this stake in Bank of Asia. In addition, in March 2004, it reduced its stake in Laurus N.V. to approximately 5%, and, in February 2004, it acquired the asset management activities of Sparebank 1 Aktiv Forvaltning in Norway.
ABM ABM Industries Incorporated is a facilities services contractor. The Company provides janitorial, parking, engineering, security, lighting and mechanical services for thousands of commercial, industrial, institutional and retail facilities in hundreds of cities across the United States and British Columbia. The ABM Family of Services includes ABM Janitorial, Ampco System Parking, ABM Engineering, American Commercial Security (ACSS), Security Services of America (SSA), Amtech Lighting, CommAir Mechanical and ABM Facility Services.
AIH Ablest Inc. offers staffing services in the United States. Staffing services are principally provided through 45 service locations in the Eastern United States and selected Southwestern markets with the capability to supply staffing services for the clerical, industrial and information technology needs of their customers. Positions often filled include, but are not limited to, data entry, office administration, telemarketing, light industrial assembly, order picking and shipping, network administration, database administration, program analyst (both mainframe and client server), Web development, project management and technical writing. The Company does not service any specific industry or field. Instead, its services are provided to a broad-based customer list.
AAC Ableauctions.com, Inc. is an early-stage company and has developed its business and technology through the acquisition of various auction houses in the United States and Canada. Its primary business activity is as an auction technology company and a liquidator. The Company's revenues, for the most part, stem from auction broadcast services, point-of-sale (POS) and hardware services and liquidation services. In September 2003, Ableauctions.com acquired Rapidfusion Technologies Inc., which creates and maintains Websites, builds and supports custom hardware and network configurations and has developed a POS software that allows purchase orders, invoices and shipping notices to be sent by telephone overnight. In February 2004, the Company launched iTrustee.com, a reseller platform to expose bank and trustee inventories, as well as distressed merchandise, exclusively to resellers, auctioneers and liquidators.
ABRX Able Laboratories, Inc. is engaged in the development, manufacture and sale of generic pharmaceuticals, chemical and therapeutic equivalents of brand name drugs. The Company manufactures and markets prescription generic drugs in the form of tablets, capsules, suppositories and liquids. Able's products are sold through direct sales efforts to drug wholesalers, distributors and retail drug chains. It markets its generic drug products under its Able Laboratories label and under private-label arrangements. Able received its United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approval to manufacture and sell Diphenoxylate with Atropine Sulfate tablets in November 2000. On March 1, 2004, the Company has received 35 additional approvals to manufacture and sell generic drugs. During the year ended December 31, 2003, Able manufactured approximately 1.1 billion tablets, capsules and suppositories.
ABLE Able Energy, Inc. was formed to act as a holding company for five operating subsidiaries: Able Oil, Able Propane, Able Melbourne, Able Montgomery and A&amp;O. Able Energy is engaged in the retail distribution of, and the provision of services relating to, home heating oil, propane gas and diesel fuels. In addition to selling liquid energy products, the Company offers complete heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) installation and repair and markets other petroleum products to commercial customers, including on-road and off-road diesel fuel, gasoline and lubricants. The Company serves approximately 29,000 home heating oil customers from four locations, located in Rockaway, New Jersey, Easton, Pennsylvania, New York and in Florida. Able Propane Co., LLC was sold, in March 2004, to Liberty Propane of Overland Park, Kansas.
ABY Abitibi-Consolidated Inc. is a producer of newsprint and uncoated groundwood (value-added groundwood) papers, as well as wood products. The Company does business in more than 70 countries. The Company is also a recycler of newspapers and magazines, serving 17 metropolitan areas with more than 11,200 Paper Retriever collection points and 14 recycling centers in Canada, the United States and the United Kingdom. The Company has ownership interests in 27 paper mills, 21 sawmills, four remanufacturing facilities and one engineered wood facility located in Canada, the Unitd States, the United Kingdom, South Korea, China and Thailand.
ABMD ABIOMED, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets medical products designed to assist or replace the pumping function of the failing heart. ABIOMED's BVS 5000 Biventricular Support System is a console and blood pump being used as a heart assist system for the treatment of patients with failing but potentially recoverable hearts in the United States. The Company's AB5000 Circulatory Support System is a heart assist product model introduced during the fiscal year ended March 31, 2004 (fiscal 2004), which incorporates a number of features to facilitate patient mobility and transport and to meet the needs of physicians and hospitals treating heart assist patients. ABIOMED's AbioCor Implantable Replacement Heart, a battery-powered implantable replacement heart system, is the subject of an ongoing initial clinical trial. The product revenues accounted for 97.4% of the Company's total revenues for fiscal 2004.
AANB Abigail Adams National Bancorp, Inc. is a bank holding company that conducts business through its wholly owned bank subsidiary, The Adams National Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a community-oriented financial institution offering a range of banking services to its customers. The Bank attracts deposits from the general public and historically has used such deposits, together with other funds to provide a broad level of commercial and retail banking services in Washington, D.C. and the surrounding communities. The Bank serves the United States capital through six full-service offices located in Washington, D.C. and Maryland. The Company's assets consist primarily of its ownership in the shares of the Bank's common stock and cash it receives from the Bank in the form of dividends or other capital distributions.
ABGX Abgenix, Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company focused on the discovery, development and manufacture of human therapeutic antibodies for the treatment of a variety of disease conditions, including cancer, inflammation, metabolic disease, autoimmune diseases, cardiovascular disease and infectious diseases. The Company has proprietary technologies that facilitate rapid generation of highly specific, fully human antibody therapeutic product candidates that bind to disease targets appropriate for antibody therapy. These technologies include the XenoMouse, a technology using genetically modified mice to generate fully human antibodies. As of December 31, 2003, the Company was co-developing its most advanced proprietary product candidate, ABX-EGF or panitumumab, with Immunex Corporation. ABX-EGF, a fully human monoclonal antibody, for use in the treatment of various cancers, is in pivotal trials. The Company has other co-development arrangements with companies such as AstraZeneca.
FAX Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc. is a closed-end, non-diversified management investment company. The Fund's investment objective is to seek current income. The Fund may also achieve incidental capital appreciation. The Fund will seek to achieve its investment objective through investment in Australian and Asian debt securities. As of October 31, 2003, the Fund held 39.9% of its total investments in Asian debt securities (excluding New Zealand). Aberdeen Asset Managers (C.I.) Limited serves as investment manager to the Fund and Aberdeen Asset Management Limited serves as investment adviser to the Fund pursuant to a management agreement and an advisory agreement, respectively. The Investment Manager makes investment decisions on behalf of the Fund on the basis of recommendations and information furnished to it by the Investment Adviser, including the selection of and the placement of orders with brokers and dealers to execute portfolio transactions on behalf of the Fund.
ANF Abercrombie &amp; Fitch Co., through its subsidiaries, is a specialty retailer that operates stores selling casual apparel, personal care and other accessories for men, women and kids under the Abercrombie &amp; Fitch, abercrombie and Hollister brands. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2004 (fiscal 2003), the Company operated 700 stores located in 49 states and the District of Columbia, opening 107 stores and closing four stores. The Company's stores and point-of-sale marketing are designed to convey the principal elements and personality of each brand. The store design, furniture, fixtures and music are all carefully planned and coordinated to create a shopping experience that is consistent with the Abercrombie &amp; Fitch, abercrombie or Hollister lifestyle. The Company maintains a uniform appearance throughout its store base in terms of merchandise display and location on the selling floor.
ABER Aber Diamond Corporation is a diamond marketing company whose major asset is a 40% interest in the Diavik group of mineral claims, which is held by its wholly owned subsidiary, Aber Diamond Mines Ltd. Diavik Diamond Mines Inc. (DDMI), a subsidiary of Rio Tinto plc, is the operator of the Diavik Diamond Mine and holds the remaining 60% interest. The mine is located approximately 300 kilometers northeast of the City of Yellowknife in the Northwest Territories, Canada. During the fiscal year ended January 31, 2004 (fiscal 2003), the Diavik Mine had achieved certain levels of production and sales, physical project completion, as well as certain levels of mining and diamond processing activities to be considered in commercial production. Aber received 1.5 million carats from the Diavik Mine in fiscal 2003.
ABCB ABC Bancorp is a bank holding company. Its primary business is to manage the business and affairs of its commercial bank subsidiaries (the Banks). The Banks provide a range of retail and commercial banking services to its customers, including checking, savings, negotiable order of withdrawal (NOW), money market accounts, time deposit accounts and individual retirement account (IRAs); loans for business, agriculture, real estate, personal uses, home improvement and automobiles; credit cards through Maryland Bank North America (MBNA); debit cards; overdraft protection services; Internet banking; letters of credit; brokerage services through Raymond James Financial Services, Inc.; safe deposit box rentals; bank official checks, and electronic funds transfer services, including wire transfers, automated teller machines (ATMs) and automated clearing house (ACH) transactions. In December 2004, the Company acquired 100% of the equity of Citizens Bancshares, Inc., Crawfordville, Florida.
ABT Abbott Laboratories is engaged in the discovery, development, manufacture and sale of a diversified line of healthcare products. It has five revenue segments. Pharmaceutical Products sells a line of pharmaceuticals in the United States. Diagnostic Products is a supplier of diagnostic systems and tests for blood banks, hospitals, consumers, commercial laboratories and alternate-care testing sites. Hospital Products is engaged in the United States sales of intravenous and irrigation fluids and related administration equipment, drugs and drug delivery systems, anesthetics, critical care products and other medical specialty products for hospitals and alternate-care sites. Ross Products markets adult and pediatric nutritional products, pediatric pharmaceuticals and consumer products in the United States. International sells Abbott's pharmaceutical, hospital and nutritional products outside the United States. Abbott also has a 50%-owned joint venture, TAP Pharmaceutical Products Inc.
ABB ABB Ltd. is a global provider of power and automation technologies that enable utility and industry customers to improve performance while lowering environmental impact. Effective January 1, 2003, in order to streamline its structure and improve operational performance, the Company put into place two divisions: Power Technologies and Automation Technologies. The Power Technologies division serves electric, gas and water utilities, as well as industrial and commercial customers, with a range of products, systems and services for power transmission, distribution and power plant automation. The Automation Technologies division provides products, systems, software and services for the automation and optimization of industrial and commercial processes. Key technologies include measurement and control, instrumentation, process analysis, drives and motors, power electronics, robots and low-voltage products.
ABAX Abaxis, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets portable blood analysis systems for use in any veterinary or human patient-care setting to provide clinicians with rapid blood constituent measurements. The Company's product is a blood analysis system consisting of a compact 6.9-kilogram analyzer and a series of single-use plastic discs, called reagent discs, containing all the chemicals required to perform a panel of up to 13 tests on veterinary patients and 14 tests on human patients. The system can be operated with minimal training and performs multiple routine tests on whole blood, serum or plasma samples. The system provides test results in less than 14 minutes with the precision and accuracy equivalent to a clinical laboratory analyzer. It markets this system for veterinary use under the name VetScan and in the human medical market under the name Piccolo.
ABIX Abatix Corp. markets and distributes personal protection and safety equipment and durable and non-durable supplies to the environmental industry, the industrial safety industry, and the homeland security industry and combined with tools and tool supplies to the construction industry. The Company operates seven sales and distribution centers in Los Angeles and San Francisco, California; Dallas and Houston, Texas, and Phoenix, Arizona, Las Vegas, Nevada, and Seattle, Washington. Abatix, through its wholly owned subsidiary, International Enviroguard Systems, Inc., imports disposable clothing sold through the Company and other distribution companies.
ABWG.OB A.B. Watley Group Inc. is a financial services holding company that conducts its core business activities through its subsidiary, A.B. Watley Direct, Inc (Direct). Direct is the United States registered broker-dealer that provides online trading and direct access trading services for retail clients. Direct also provides execution services for institutional customers. Through another subsidiary, A.B. Watley Futures Corp., a registered broker-dealer, offers financial futures and foreign exchange (forex) currency trading. A.B. Watley Group provides direct access software and facilities to each of its divisions (online, retail, futures, forex and institutional). The Company's main focus is on supporting its brokerage units' initiatives.
ASTM Aastrom Biosciences, Inc. is a late-stage development company focused on the development of processes and products for the ex vivo production and sale of human cell products for use in cell therapy and regenerative medicine. The pre-clinical and clinical product development programs utilize adult bone marrow stem and progenitor cells for forming solid tissues, such as bone, vascular tissue, cartilage, and blood and immune system cells. The Company operates its business in one segment: research and product development, which is conducted both on its own behalf and in connection with various collaborative research and development agreements with others. In February 2004, the Company entered into a five-year agreement continuing Moll Industries as its supplier of cell cassettes. Under this agreement, Moll will perform commercial manufacturing and assembly of Company's cell cassette, the main single-use component of the AastromReplicell System.
RNT Aaron Rents, Inc. is engaged in the combined businesses of the rental, lease ownership and specialty retailing of consumer electronics, residential and office furniture, household appliances and accessories. As of December 31, 2003, Aaron Rents had 847 system-wide stores, including both its Company-operated and franchised stores, in 43 states, Puerto Rico and Canada. The Company's operating divisions are the Aaron's Sales &amp; Lease Ownership division, the Aaron Rents' Rent-to-Rent division and the MacTavish Furniture Industries division, which supplies nearly one-half of the furniture and related accessories rented and sold in its stores. As of December 31, 2003, Aaron Rents had 787 sales and lease ownership stores, including 500 Company-operated stores in 26 states and 287 franchised stores in 39 states, Puerto Rico and Canada.
AIR AAR CORP. is an independent provider of products and services to the worldwide aviation/aerospace industry. The Company also markets and sells certain of its products and services to the United States Government, including various branches and agencies within the United States Military and their contractors. AAR conducts its business activities through five operating subsidiaries: AAR Parts Trading, Inc., AAR Aircraft &amp; Engine Sales &amp; Leasing, Inc., AAR Services, Inc., AAR Manufacturing, Inc. and AAR International, Inc. The Company's international business activities are conducted through AAR International, Inc. It organizes its activities in four business segments: Inventory and Logistic Services; Maintenance, Repair and Overhaul; Manufacturing, and Aircraft and Engine Sales and Leasing.
AAON AAON, Inc. engineers, manufactures and markets air-conditioning and heating equipment consisting of rooftop units, chillers, air-handling units, condensing units and coils. The Company's products serve the commercial and industrial new construction and replacement markets. The rooftop and condenser markets consist of units installed on commercial or industrial structures of generally less than 10 stories in height. Air-handling units, chillers and coils are applicable to all sizes of commercial and industrial buildings.
AAII aaiPharma Inc. is a science-based specialty pharmaceutical company operating primarily in the United States and Europe. The Company operates in three business segments: product sales, which provides for the sales of the Company's pharmaceutical product lines and for the commercial manufacturing of small-quantity products outsourced by other pharmaceutical companies; product development, where aaiPharma internally develops drugs and technologies for future sales by the product sales business or with the objective of licensing marketing rights to third parties in exchange for license fees and royalties, and development services, which include drug formulation, testing and manufacturing expertise, as well as to take investigational products into and through human clinical trials. In April 2004, aaiPharma sold its M.V.I. and Aquasol product business to Mayne Pharma (USA) Inc., Paramus, New Jersey, a subsidiary of Australia's Mayne Group Limited.
ATWO.OB a21, Inc. through its subsidiary, SuperStock, Inc., aggregates visual content from photographers, photography agencies, archives, libraries and private collections and enable such visual content to be available to creative professionals at advertising and design agencies, publishing and media companies, corporate communications departments and consumers. In addition, its products are sold through a global network of distributors in over 90 countries. The Company was incorporated under the name Saratoga Holdings I, Inc. (Saragota). In April 2002, Agence 21, Inc. entered into an exchange agreement with the Saratoga and a21 Acquisition LLC, a wholly owned subsidiary of Saratoga, pursuant to which, Agence became an 83%-owned subsidiary of Saratoga. In February 2004, the Company completed the acquisition of all of SuperStock, Inc., a licensor of stock images to the advertising and publishing industries.
NDN 99 Cents Only Stores is a deep-discount retailer of primarily name brand and consumable general merchandise in the United States. The Company's stores offer an assortment of regularly available consumer goods, as well as a variety of close-out merchandise. Its retail stores offer consumer items in each of the following staple product categories: food, beverages, health and beauty aids, household products, housewares, hardware, stationary and party goods, seasonal goods, baby products and toys, giftware, pet products and clothing. 99 Cents supplements its name brand merchandise with private-label items. As of March 12, 2004, the Company operated 194 retail stores with 150 in California, 19 in Texas, 15 in Arizona and 10 in Nevada. 99 Cents also sells merchandise through its Bargain Wholesale division at prices generally below normal wholesale levels to retailers, distributors and exporters.
TW 21st Century Insurance Group is an insurance holding company that primarily markets and underwrites personal automobile, motorcycle and umbrella insurance in California. It also provides personal automobile insurance in four other western states: Arizona, Nevada, Oregon and Washington, as well as three midwestern states: Illinois, Indiana and Ohio. The Company began offering personal auto insurance in Illinois, Indiana and Ohio on January 28, 2004. Twenty-four hours per day, 365 days a year, customers have the option to purchase insurance, service their policy or report a claim over the telephone directly Century Insurance's centralized licensed insurance agents at 1-800-211-SAVE or through its Internet site at www.21st.com.
TCHC 21st Century Holding Company is a vertically integrated insurance holding company, which, through its subsidiaries, controls substantially all aspects of the insurance underwriting, distribution and claims process. The Company operates principally in two business segments consisting of insurance and financing. The insurance segment consists of underwriting through Federated National Insurance Company and American Vehicle Insurance Company, managing general agent operations through Assurance Managing General Agents, Inc., claims processing through Superior Adjusting, Inc. and marketing and distribution through Federated Agency Group, Inc., franchised agencies and independent agents. The financing segment consists of premium financing through Federated Premium Finance, Inc. In addition, the Company offers electronic tax filing services through Express Tax Service, Inc. In January 2005, the Company sold the assets of its subsidiaries to affiliates of Affirmative Insurance Holdings, Inc.
ZIPR ZipRealty, Inc. is a full-service residential real estate brokerage firm providing services to the home buyers and sellers. The Company's solution include a client-centric business approach, a Website that empowers home buyers and sellers with direct access to comprehensive local multiple listing service(s), or MLS, home listings data and other relevant information, a business management technology platform and significant financial savings for consumers. ZipRealty has operations in 12 major metropolitan areas: Atlanta, Baltimore/ Washington D.C./ Northern Virginia, Boston, Chicago, Dallas, Los Angeles, Orange County, Phoenix/ Scottsdale, Sacramento, San Diego, the San Francisco Bay Area and Seattle. It operates through sales agents, known as ZipAgents.
WEBME webMethods, Inc. is a provider of software and services for end-to-end business integration solutions. The Company offers a set of software products that enable organizations to run, manage and optimize their business. Its software products and related services give organizations the ability to integrate disparate information resources to connect customers, vendors and business partners with the organization and its employees; to view and manage the connected information resources, data, business processes and human workflows, and to provide Web services at the enterprise level. webMethods completed three acquisitions, in October 2003, to expand its portfolio of products in the service-oriented architecture (SOA), business activity monitoring (BAM) and portal spaces. The acquisitions were The Mind Electric, The Dante Group and DataChannel Portal.
USMO USA Mobility, Inc. provides paging products and wireless services to business, government and healthcare sectors. It offers numeric, one-way text and two-way paging, and mobile voice and data services through Nextel and AT&amp;T Wireless/Cingular, as well as wireless e-mail solutions. Offerings include Integrated Resource Management Systems with wireless connectivity solutions for medical, business, government and other campus environments. The Company focuses on the business-to-business marketplace, supplying wireless mobile connectivity solutions to businesses and organizations. Its two-way networks have a terrestrial ReFLEX footprint in the United States with roaming partners in Canada, Mexico and the Caribbean. It provides the ReFLEX wireless data network for telecommunication companies in the United States that source network services and resell under their own brand names. The Company is the result of the November 2004 merger between Metrocall Holdings, Inc. and Arch Wireless, Inc.
USS U.S. Shipping Partners L.P. is a provider of long-haul marine transportation services, principally for refined petroleum products in the United States domestic coastwise trade. The Company is also involved, to a limited extent, in the coastwise transportation of petrochemical and commodity chemical products. U.S. Shipping Partners' fleet consists of eight tank vessels: six integrated tug barge units (ITBs) and two specialty refined petroleum and chemical product (parcel) tankers. Its primary customers are major oil and chemical companies. A significant portion of the Company's fleet capacity is committed to these companies pursuant to contracts with initial terms of one year or more, which provides it with a relatively predictable level of cash flow. U.S. Shipping Partners does not assume ownership of any of the products that it transports on its vessels.
UAPH UAP Holding Corp. (UAP) is a private distributor of agricultural and non-crop inputs in the United States and Canada. It markets a comprehensive line of products, including crop protection chemicals, seeds and fertilizers to growers and regional dealers, and provides a broad array of value-added services, including crop management, biotechnology advisory services, custom blending, inventory management and custom applications of crop inputs. UAP operates its business through two primary divisions: Distribution and Products. The Distribution division purchases agricultural input products from third parties and resells these products, together with its own private-label products, to growers and regional dealers. The Products division markets, sources, formulates and packages its own products, and provides formulation and packaging services for the private-label brands of its suppliers.
TCF TurboChef Technologies, Inc. (TurboChef) is engaged in designing, developing and marketing food service ovens that embody its rapid cook technologies. The Company's rapid cook ovens, which require no ventilation, employ a controlled combination of high-speed, forced-air convection heating and microwave energy to cook-to-order a variety of food products. TurboChef's primary markets are with commercial food-service operators throughout North America, the United Kingdom, Europe and Asia. The Company has developed and offer its Menu in a Minute technology (MIMs), which when combined with its ovens, offers a system by which a food service operator is able to download menus and cook settings for use by that operator's entire chain of restaurants through the use of a computer chip card. TurboChef also separately offers to its customers fee-based consulting services such as design, concept development and sourcing of food products.
DJTCQ.OB Trump Hotels &amp; Casino Resorts, Inc. (THCR) owns and/or manages five casino hotel properties, principally through Trump Hotels &amp; Casino Resorts Holdings, L.P. (THCR Holdings) and its wholly owned subsidiaries. These hotel properties, located in New Jersey, Indiana and California, are the Trump Taj Mahal Casino Resort (Trump Taj Mahal), Trump Plaza Hotel and Casino (Trump Plaza), Trump Marina Hotel Casino (Trump Marina), Trump Indiana Casino Hotel (Trump Indiana) and Trump 29 Casino (Trump 29). Other than Trump 29, the Company wholly owns all four properties. Each casino property derives its revenues from casino operations, room rentals, food and beverage sales and entertainment revenue. In September 2003, the Company agreed to provide management services to Canouan Resorts Development, Ltd., which has developed a resort complex on Canouan Island in St. Vincent and the Grenadines. Canouan Resorts has a 99-year lease with the government of St. Vincent to develop 1,200 acres on the island.
TRRA Terra Networks, S.A. is a global Internet company. The Company offers a suite of Internet services in a variety of languages that provides its users throughout its markets in Europe, Latin America and North America with access to the Internet; portal and network services that incorporate a variety of individually tailored content for each market and featuring enhanced functionality; a range of online advertising, marketing and e-commerce opportunities; multiple solutions for customers' Internet needs, such as Web design and hosting and communication, and consulting services, such as Web audit, Web rationalization and Web maintenance. Terra has five business lines: access, advertising and e-commerce, communication, portal and content services, corporate services and other services, as well as the Terra Business.
TOA Technical Olympic USA, Inc. (TOUSA) is a homebuilder in the United States, operating in 15 metropolitan markets located in four major geographic regions: Florida, the Mid Atlantic, Texas and the West. TOUSA designs, builds and markets detached single-family residences, town homes and condominiums to a diverse group of homebuyers, such as first-time homebuyers, move-up homebuyers, homebuyers who are relocating to a new city or state, buyers of second or vacation homes, active-adult homebuyers, and homebuyers with grown children who want a smaller home (empty-nesters). It also provides financial services to its homebuyers and to others through its subsidiaries, Preferred Home Mortgage Company and Universal Land Title, Inc.
SPSX Superior Essex Inc., formerly Superior TeleCom Inc., is a North American wire and cable manufacturer. The Company is a manufacturer and supplier of copper and fiber-optic communications, wire and cable products to telephone companies, distributors and system integrators; a manufacturer and supplier of magnet wire and fabricated insulation products to major original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) for use in motors, transformers, generators and electrical controls, and a distributor of magnet wire, insulation and related products to smaller OEMs and motor repair facilities. In May 2003, the Company and its United States subsidiaries filed a voluntary petition for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. In November 2003, it emerged from bankruptcy and formed a new company, Superior Essex Inc., to acquire and conduct the business of Superior Telecom Inc. and its subsidiaries.
TIMHY TIM Hellas Telecommunications S.A., formerly STET Hellas Telecommunications S.A., is engaged in the provision of mobile telecommunications services and products in Greece. The Company uses the digital global system for mobile (GSM) communications standard, including network access and related value-added services. The Company, trading under the name STET Hellas A.E.B.E., offers its services and products to a range of customers including residential contracts, prepaid customers and business customers. It offers its services on the basis of various tariff plans with different rates of monthly service fees and airtime tariffs. In 2003, the Company completed both an acquisition and a merger of Telesoft Software Development and Consulting Services S.A. (Telesoft S.A.) into STET Hellas S.A. On March 14, 2003, the Company acquired all of the shares of Telesoft S.A.
MTL Mechel Steel Group OAO is a low-cost integrated steel and mining group focused on the production of steel long products, as well as mining products such as coal, iron ore and nickel. The Company's steel business is comprised of the production and sale of semi-finished steel products, carbon and specialty long products, carbon and stainless flat products and value-added downstream metal products including hardware, stampings and forgings. Its steel business also produces significant amounts of coke, both for internal use and for sales to third parties. Mechel Steel Group has substantial coal, iron ore and nickel-mining interests in Russia and Kazakhstan, with the flexibility to supply its own steel production or sell to third parties depending on price differentials between purchases from local suppliers and sales to foreign and domestic customers. In addition, the Company owns 17.1% of Magnitogorsk Iron and Steel Work OAO (MMK) a Russian producer of flat products.
SUAI Specialty Underwriters' Alliance, Inc. (SUA) is a specialty program commercial property and casualty insurance company. These programs typically serve niche groups of insureds that require highly specialized business knowledge of a business class to achieve underwriting profits. Business class risks are commercial business risks of an industry sector, such as the risk associated with the specialized equipment used in the tow truck industry. Examples of products that SUA writes include property and casualty insurance for artisan and general contractors, lessor's risk for property owners, small business workers' compensation, and property and liability coverage for towing and recovery operators. On March 22, 2004, SUA entered into a stock purchase agreement to acquire all of the outstanding shares of Potomac Insurance Company of Illinois (Potomac) from OneBeacon Insurance Company (OneBeacon). Potomac is licensed to conduct insurance business in 41 states and the District of Columbia.
SRCPE SOURCECORP, Incorporated is a provider of business process outsourcing (BPO) solutions specializing in document and information management, and a provider of specialized knowledge-based processing and/or consulting solutions. The Company serves a diverse client base including customers in the financial services, healthcare insurance, healthcare provider, legal and transportation/logistics industries, as well as public sector agencies. Its customer profile includes enterprises, both commercial and public-sector, which have information-intensive business processes involving large volumes of documents, forms, case files and storage, with frequent access and distribution requirements, or that have other types of information needs that require specialized processing and/or subject matter expertise. The Company operates in two principal segments: Information Management and Distribution, and Healthcare, Regulatory and Legal Compliance.
SMTX SMTC Corporation provides advanced electronics manufacturing services (EMS) to electronics industry original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) primarily in the industrial, enterprise computing and networking and communications market segments. The Company services its customers through five manufacturing and technology centers located in the United States, Canada and Mexico. SMTC's full range of value-added supply chain services include product design, procurement, prototyping, cable and harness interconnect, high precision enclosures, printed circuit board assembly, test, final system build, comprehensive supply chain management, packaging, global distribution and after-sales support.
PED SmartPros Ltd. is engaged in the field of accredited professional education. Products and services are primarily focused in the accredited professional areas of corporate accounting, financial management, public accounting, governmental and not-for-profit accounting, ethics and compliance, and engineering. Its customers include over half of Fortune 500 companies, as well as the major firms and associations in each of its professional markets. SmartPros provides education and content publishing and development services in a variety of media, including Web, CD-ROM and video. Subscription libraries feature hundreds of course titles and 1,000 hours of accredited education. The Professional Education Center (PEC) Learning Management System (LMS) offers enterprise distribution and administration of education content and information. In addition, it produces a news and information portal for accounting and finance professionals that services 300,000 visitors and 100,000 subscribers per month.
SIG Signet Group PLC is a specialty retailer of jewelry, watches and gifts that operates in two divisions, the United States division and the United Kingdom division. As of July 31, 2004, the Company operated 1,725 specialty retail jewelry stores, comprised of 1,126 stores in the United States and 599 stores in the United Kingdom. Signet conducts its United States retail operations through three marketing divisions: Kay Jewelers and Jared The Galleria of Jewelry. The trademarks and trade names in Signet's United Kingdom operations are H.Samuel, Ernest Jones and Leslie Davis.
SHIR.OB Shannon International Resources, Inc. is engaged in the acquisition, exploration, development and production of oil and gas properties in the province of Prince Edward Island, Canada. The Company is in the exploration stage and has expanded its focus to include software investments. In May 2003, the Company entered into a subscription agreement with EnerVision Incorporated and its subsidiary, Helical Systems Inc., whereby the Company will participate in the development and commercialization of the Helical Software Platform for very-large database (VLDB) management. The Company has two operating agreements with joint operating partners, with which it is engaged in exploration activities on its working interests. The parties are the Company, CMB Energy Corp., Rally Energy Corp. and The Conquistador Trust.
SNTKY.OB Senetek PLC is engaged in developing and marketing its own products related to aging. The Company's business consists of two business segments: dermatological/skincare compounds principally addressing photoaging and other skincare needs, and biopharmaceuticals, principally those addressing sexual dysfunction and drug delivery of liquid injectable products. Senetek's three wholly owned subsidiaries are Senetek Drug Delivery Technologies Inc., Senetek Asia (HK) Limited and Carme Cosmeceutical Sciences Inc. Senetek has developed and patented multiple cytokinins, including Kinetin and Zeatin, plant growth factors that are naturally occurring. Senetek has developed, patented and is in the process of securing European marketing approvals for Invicorp, an intracavernous injection therapy for the treatment of erectile dysfunction.
SCILE Scientific Learning Corporation develops and distributes the Fast ForWord family of reading intervention software. Its products apply advances in neuroscience and cognitive research to build the fundamental cognitive skills required to read and learn. The Company's major products include an optional easy-to-use Web-based tool that provides reports on detailed learning results for individuals and groups of students. Scientific Learning provides on-site and remote services, including product training and professional development, implementation management, consulting and technical installation. It also provides technical, professional and customer support and a variety of Web-based resources.
QRCP.OB Quest Resource Corporation is an independent energy company with an emphasis on the acquisition, exploration, development, production and transportation of natural gas (coal bed methane) in a 10-county region in the Cherokee Basin of Southeast Kansas and Northeast Oklahoma. The Company also owns and operates a gas gathering pipeline network of approximately 600 miles in length within this basin. Quest supports its exploration and production operations and its pipeline operations through its wholly owned subsidiary, Quest Energy Service, Inc. (QES). In addition to the conduct of daily pipeline and producing well operations, QES also performs construction activities, including the building of new pipelines and compressor stations, the completion of new natural gas wells and the construction of supporting infrastructure for new wells (such as electric service, salt water disposal facilities and gas feeder lines).
PROX Proxim Corporation is a provider of wireless solutions for the mobile enterprise, security and surveillance, last mile access, voice and data backhaul, public hot spots and metropolitan area networks. The Company classifies its products into two: wireless wide area network (WWAN) and wireless local area network (WLAN) product lines. The WWAN product line includes point-to-point Lynx, Tsunami products and point-to-multipoint Tsunami products. The WLAN product line includes ORiNOCO 802.11 access point and client card products. Proxim designs its products and systems generally to use common features, components and software. These products operate at different transmission speeds, radio frequencies, with different ranges and support different standard interfaces. The Company's systems provide extended range coverage using its standards-based WWAN and WLAN infrastructure systems.
PRAI PRA International (PRA) is a global contract research organization that performs a broad array of services across the spectrum of clinical development programs, from the filing of investigational new drug applications and similar foreign regulatory applications, to the conduct of all phases of clinical trials, to product registration and post-marketing studies. It also provides many back office services to clients, including processing the payments of investigators and patients. PRA also collaborates with third-party vendors for services, such as imaging and analytical lab services. The Company's core global clinical development services include formulating drug development and regulatory strategy plans; executing Phase I clinical trials; performing Phase II through IV multi-center, international clinical trials; developing and analyzing integrated global clinical databases; preparing and submitting regulatory filings around the world, and managing long-term drug safety programs.
PLAY PortalPlayer, Inc. is a fabless semiconductor company that designs, develops and markets comprehensive platform solutions, including a system-on-chip (SoC), firmware and software for manufacturers of feature-rich, hard disk drive (HDD)-based personal media players. The Company's platform solutions are designed to enable personal media players to manage thousands of digital media files and allow its customers to build intuitive and customizable user interfaces. Its customers use the Company's platforms to produce high-performance, feature-rich, differentiated personal media players in a cost-effective manner with fast time to market. PortalPlayer's key customers include Inventec that manufactures products for Apple Computer Inc. and other companies. The Company is an outsourced independent provider that develops comprehensive platform solutions, including a SoC, firmware and software for manufacturers of HDD-based personal media players.
PMTRE Pemstar Inc. provides a range of global engineering, product design, automation and test, manufacturing and fulfillment services and solutions to its customers in the communications, computing and data storage, industrial equipment and medical industries. These customer solutions offerings support customers' products from initial design through prototyping, design validation, testing, ramp-to-volume production, worldwide distribution and aftermarket support. Pemstar supports its engineering, manufacturing, distribution and aftermarket support services with value-added support systems, such as supply chain management system and a quality management program. The Company's customers include industry original equipment manufacturers, such as Fluke Corporation, Honeywell, IBM, Medtronic, Hitachi Global Storage, Motorola and Seagate. It has relationships with Ciena, Given Imaging, MTS Systems, Proxim, Qlogic and the United States Army/General Dynamics.
PLMI.OB Palomar Enterprises, Inc. was formed for the purpose of developing an aircraft service company for private aircraft owners that would offer onsite preventative maintenance and repair services. There were no material operating activities under this plan ,and it was abandoned in 2001. In October 2001, the Company launched a new debt acquisition business whereby it would acquire non-performing debt from financial institutions and use the services of debtor location services to attempt collection of these purchased amounts. There have been no revenues recorded from this line of business and Palomar is no longer pursuing it. In February 2003, the Company entered the nutraceutical market. However, its management determined that this business line would be difficult to implement and discontinued all efforts in this field.
ORA Ormat Technologies, Inc. is a vertically integrated company primarily engaged in the geothermal and recovered energy power business. The Company designs, develops, builds, owns and operates geothermal power plants, and also designs, develops and builds, and plans to own and operate, recovered energy-based power plants. In addition, the Company designs, manufactures and sells geothermal and recovered energy power units and power-generating equipment, and provides related services. Ormat Technologies has operations in the United States, Israel, Guatemala, Kenya, Nicaragua and the Philippines.
OLYD.OB Olympic Cascade Financial Corporation is a financial services organization operating through its wholly owned subsidiary, National Securities Corporation. National conducts a national securities brokerage business through its main offices in Seattle, Washington, and New York, New York, as well as 53 other branch offices located throughout the country. National's business includes securities brokerage for individual and institutional clients, market-making trading activities, asset management and corporate finance services. It is registered as a broker-dealer with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission and is licensed in 50 states, the District of Columbia and Puerto Rico. National is also a member of the National Association of Securities Dealers, Inc., the Municipal Securities Rulemaking Board and the Securities Investor Protection Corporation.
OMX OfficeMax Inc., formerly Boise Cascade Corporation, is a multinational contract and retail distributor of office supplies and paper, technology products and office furniture. It is also a distributor of building materials and a manufacturer and distributor of paper, packaging and wood products. The Company operates in four segments: Boise Office Solutions, Contract; Boise Office Solutions, Retail; Boise Building Solutions and Boise Paper Solutions. Boise Office Solutions, Contract, markets office supplies and paper, technology products and office furniture through field salespeople, catalogs, the Internet and stores. Boise Office Solutions, Retail, markets office supplies and paper, technology products and office furniture through office supply superstores. Boise Building Solutions manufactures and distributes various products that are used for construction, while Boise Paper Solutions manufactures and distributes uncoated free sheet papers.
NAK Northern Dynasty Minerals Ltd. (Northern Dynasty) is in the business of acquiring and exploring mineral exploration properties. Its principal focus is on exploration of the optioned gold/copper prospect known as Pebble Property, located in Alaska. In October 2001, it acquired the right to earn up to a 100% interest in the Pebble Property from Teck Cominco American Incorporated (Teck Cominco) and Hunter Dickinson Group Inc. (HDGI). The first of the two options permits the Company to purchase the previously drilled portions of the prospect on which the known mineralization exists (the Resource Lands Option). The Resource Lands Option expires on November 30, 2004. The second part of the Option permits Northern Dynasty to earn a minimum of 50% (and up to 100%) interest in the remainder of the Pebble Property (the Exploration Lands) by doing 60,000 feet of exploration drilling by November 30, 2004. As on December 31, 2003, Northern Dynasty had drilled 43,016 feet on the Exploration Lands.
NXUSF.OB Nexus Telocation Systems Ltd. develops, manufactures and markets low-energy and cost-effective wireless communications and location-based information systems through the application of digital spread spectrum technologies. The security and safety services business is predominantly performed through its business partners in Israel and Latin America. Nexus was previously engaged in the Automated Meter Reading (AMR) industry through its wholly owned United States subsidiary, NexusData, Inc. In June 2001, NexusData entered into a major contract with IMServ, a division of Invensys PLC, to deliver a full utility deployment of its AMR system to service the Atlanta Gas Light Corporation. The minimum contract commitment was to have serviced at least 1.3 million homes and businesses with daily automated gas consumption reads, however, the entire project was abandoned.
NEXH.OB Nexia Holdings, Inc. (Nexia) provides a variety of financial consulting services to a range of clients through its subsidiary, Hudson Consulting Group, Inc. Its real estate operations primarily involve the acquisition, management, lease and sale of real estate holdings. In June 2003, Nexia sold its interest in Wichita Development Corporation (Wichita) and its subsidiaries, Salt Lake Development Corporation and Wichita Properties, to Diversified Financial Resources Corporation (DFRC). The Company acquired all of the assets and liabilities of Axia Group, Inc. (Axia), including a portfolio of securities, real estate holdings and publicly reporting shell companies, in February 2002. It plans to operate the business acquired from Axia by providing financial consulting and real estate investment.
NP Neenah Paper, Inc. is a manufacturer of premium uncoated writing, text and cover papers marketed under UV/ULTRA, CLASSIC, ENVIRONMENT, NEENAH and other brand names. The Company's papers are used for premium applications such as annual reports, corporate identity packages, invitations, high-end packaging and more. Products include CLASSIC CREST, CLASSIC COLUMNS, CLASSIC COTTON, CLASSIC Laid, CLASSIC Linen, ENVIRONMENT, NEENAH Papers, UV/ULTRA II, additional cotton papers, letterhead, envelopes, announcements, brochures, business cards, collections, samples and promotions.
NLC Nalco Holding Company is a global provider of integrated water treatment and process improvement services, chemicals and equipment programs for industrial and institutional applications. The Company is organized in three divisions: Industrial and Institutional Services, Energy Services and Paper Services. Nalco Holding's products and services are typically used in water treatment applications to prevent corrosion, contamination and the build-up of harmful deposits, or in production processes to enhance process efficiency and improve the Company's customers' end products.
MPWR Monolithic Power Systems, Inc. is a high-performance analog and mixed-signal semiconductor company. The Company designs, develops and markets proprietary, advanced analog and mixed-signal semiconductors for large and high-growth markets. Its semiconductors (integrated circuits (ICs)) are used in a variety of electronic products, such as notebook computers, flat-panel displays, cellular handsets, digital cameras, wireless local area network (LAN) access points, home entertainment systems and personal digital assistants. Analog and mixed-signal ICs are used to interface with real world signals, such as pressure, light or sound. The Company's product families include cold cathode fluorescent lamp (CCFL) backlight inverter ICs, direct current (DC)-to-DC converter ICs, light-emitting diode (LED) driver ICs used in lighting displays and audio amplifier ICs.
MOLXE Molex, Inc. is engaged in the manufacture and sale of electronic components. The Company designs, manufactures and distributes more than 100,000 products, including terminals, connectors, planar cables, cable assemblies, interconnection systems, fiber-optic interconnection systems, backplanes, mechanical and electronic switches and other products. Molex's interconnect products enable companies to design and develop electronic products that are smaller, faster, more effective, reliable and manufacture those products more quickly and cost-effectively. Molex serves original equipment manufacturers in industries, such as computer, telecommunications, consumer products, automotive, business equipment, industrial and others. During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2004, Molex had 55 manufacturing facilities in 19 countries on six continents. In April 2004, it acquired the business of Connecteurs Cinch SA, along with its subsidiaries in India, China and Portugal, from the Snecma Group.
MODME.OB Modern Medical Modalities Corporation provides magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) and computerized axial tomography equipment to hospitals and physicians. It manages hospital-based and physician-managed ambulatory centers for third parties that provide medical imaging services. The Company provides equipment and related services; technical and support staffing; marketing; patient scheduling, billing and collection, and management services. Modern Medical provides equipment and manages one hospital-based MRI site located in Passaic, New Jersey; three diagnostic imaging ambulatory centers in Union, New Jersey, and one freestanding MRI center in Metairie, Lousianna. It also receives a management fee from the site in Union, New Jersey, for performing management functions. In November 2003, it entered into an agreement to purchase 50% of TSI Billing Service Inc., a billing company that has been providing billing services for various medical practices since 1994.
MDF Metropolitan Health Networks, Inc. (Metcare) provides healthcare benefits to over 25,000 Medicare Advantage members (formerly Medicare+Choice) in Central and South Florida under full-risk contracts with Humana, Inc., the second largest participant in this Medicare program. The Company operates a Provider Service Network (PSN), also known as a Managed Service Organization (MSO), which includes 33 primary care physician practices. Metcare owns six of these practices; the balance are independently owned and operated under capitation contracts with the Company. In addition to the primary care practices, the PSN contracts with specialists, ancillary service providers, and hospitals. Metcare also owns and operates an oncology practice, which is part of the network. It also cares for commercial insurance members and fee for service patients in its wholly owned practices.
MKTX MarketAxess Holdings Inc. operates an electronic, multi-dealer to client platform for United States and European high-grade corporate and emerging markets bond trading. The Company's proprietary technology enables it to deliver efficient and reliable price discovery and trade execution services to its institutional investor and broker-dealer clients. The Company offers institutional fixed-income investors the ability to trade a broad range of credit securities; access to a deep pool of liquidity; the opportunity for price improvement through real-time, competitive price discovery and trade execution, and automated post-trade messaging. MarketAxess offers broker-dealers a solution that enables them to achieve broader and more efficient distribution, lower their overall transaction costs and increase turnover of their bond inventory relative to traditional bond trading methods.
MAJR.OB The Major Automotive Companies, Inc. (Major Automotive) sells new and used vehicles through the Major Dealer Group, a consolidator of automobile dealerships in the New York metropolitan area. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Major Dealer Group owned and operated the six franchised automobile dealerships in the New York metropolitan area: Chevrolet, Chrysler, Dodge, Jeep, Subaru and Kia. In addition, the Major Dealer Group owns three other franchised dealerships in the New York metropolitan area: Dodge, Nissan and Suzuki. Major Auto also distributes General Motors' vehicles to Eastern European countries. Through its dealerships, the Major Dealer Group sells new and used automobiles, provides related financing, sells replacement parts and provides vehicle repair service and maintenance. The Company also utilizes the financial services of its subsidiary, Major Fleet &amp; Leasing Corp., which provides leases and other financing.
MMRSF.OB Madison Minerals Inc., formerly Madison Enterprises Corp. is in the business of the acquisition, exploration, exploration management and sale of mineral properties, with the primary aim of advancing them to a stage where they can be exploited at a profit. The Company does not have any producing properties and its operations on its various properties are exploratory searches for mineable deposits of minerals. Before and during the fiscal year ended October 31, 2003, Madison was primarily engaged in the continued exploration of its Mt. Kare Property in Papua New Guinea and its Lewis Property in Nevada. It also holds a 31.12% interest in the Belencillo exploration concession located in the Republic of Panama, with the remaining interest being held by Adrian Resources Ltd. The Company has no intention to make further exploration expenditures on the property.
LCAR.OB Lescarden Inc. is primarily engaged in research, drug discovery and development. In addition, the Company licenses its technology for commercialization by other companies, as well as sells its bovine cartilage material, BIO-CARTILAGE, as a food supplement. Lescarden's product development is concentrated on Catrix and POLY-NAG. The Company's product, Catrix, has obtained an investigational new drug (IND) exemption from the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) and the Canadian Health Protection Branch (HPB) for the treatment of solid tumors in humans. Lescarden has a 510 (k) marketing approval form FDA for the use of pure Catrix powder in treating decubitus ulcers and other topical wounds. The Company is also pursuing a program to establish the clinical efficacy of its Poly-NAG material as an anti-arthritic. The product is derived from processed crustacean shells (poly-N-acetyl-glucosamine).
LNBO.OB Lanbo Financial Group, inc., Formerly Micro Interconnect Technology, Inc., has no business activities. The Company is a development stage company previously engaged in licensing internally developed patented processes. The Company intended to use the licensed technology as well as other technology to develop direct electronic imaging, plating and etching workstations for high density interconnects and a prototype production facility to manufacture printed circuit boards. Micro Interconnect discontinued its patent licensing business effective November 04, 2003 and is considering other business opportunities. The Company has not generated any significant revenue from its planned principal operations. In November 2004, the Company acquired all of the outstanding shares of Lanbo, which is now a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company.
SPCBF.OB Supercom Ltd. a smart card technology company that designs, develops and markets advanced smart card technologies and products for the governmental and commercial secured identification markets. With an embedded microcontroller, smart cards have the ability to store large amounts of data, perform on-card functions, such as encryption and interact intelligently with a smart card reader. Smart cards connect to a smart card reader through either direct physical contact or a remote contactless radio frequency (RF) interface. The Company develops and markets a wide range of complementary technologies and solutions for the smart card market, including customizable smart cards, smart card-related products, smart card production technologies and advanced identification (ID), technologies, complemented by brand protection and authentication technologies.
IWA Iowa Telecommunications Services, Inc. (dba Iowa Telecom) is a provider of wireline local exchange telecommunications services to residential and business customers in rural Iowa, serving approximately 440 communities across the state. The Company operates 294 telephone exchanges as the incumbent local exchange carrier and provides wireline services in approximately 87% of the communities it serves. Together with its competitive local exchange carrier subsidiary, the Company provides services to approximately 265,500 access lines in Iowa. Iowa Telecom's core businesses are local telephone service and the provision of network access to other telecommunications carriers for calls originated or terminated on its network. It also provides long-distance service, dial-up and direct subscriber line (DSL) Internet access and other communications services. The Company began business on June 30, 2000, when it acquired the Iowa operations of GTE Midwest Incorporated.
MIX Intermix Media, Inc., formerly eUniverse, Inc., is an Internet marketing company that offers external marketers a select group of entertainment and community-oriented Internet products and services. It groups its businesses into two segments: the product marketing segment and the network segment. Under product marketing segment, the Company sold products through e-commerce Websites and telemarketing centers. These products include herbal and all-natural ingestible and topical products, collectibles, fitness products, ink cartridges and various niche products. Under the network segment, it maintains a network of Websites that provide entertainment and community-oriented content (the Network). The Network offers a suite of fun and viral interactive entertainment Websites that people use to communicate and connect.
INPC InPhonic, Inc. is an online seller of wireless services and devices. The Company operates its business in three business segments: wireless activation and services, mobile virtual network operator (MVNO) services and data services. The Company sells wireless services and devices to consumers through Websites that InPhonic creates and manages for third parties under their own brands. InPhonic also provides wireless services and devices to consumers through wireless airtime services that it purchases wholesale from Sprint. It leverages the relationships it has established with customers through the sale of wireless services from carriers, as well as its MVNO service, to sell a variety of wireless data services, such as unified communications, wireless e-mail and mobile marketing.
IPUR.OB Innova Pure Water, Inc. designs, develops, manufactures, and markets consumer water filtration and treatment products. These products include a 16 ounce (oz.) standard 28 millimeter (mm) neck polyethylene terephthalate (PET) water bottle with replaceable filter, (A Filter) and a push-pull valve cap; a 16 oz. low-density polyethylene (LDPE) sport type bottle with B Filter with a push-pull valve cap; a 27 oz. LDPE sport type bottle with a B Filter with a push-pull valve cap; replacement filters A, B chlorine removal, and B lead and chlorine removal for installation into Sawyer, Avon, Culligan and Innova WaterWay sport type bottles; a dual filter biological and chlorine/lead removal sport type bottle; an in-line combination bacteria/protozoa and chlorine/lead removal filter for hydration packs and container-to-container filtration and water treatment applications, and selected products produced exclusively for Nikken and Sawyer Products.
IWWH.OB Inform Worldwide Holdings Inc. originally operated Internet storefronts, including AnythingPC.com, AnythingUnix.com, AnythingMac.com, AnythingCoffee.com, Anythingbooks.com and AnyReminder.com, selling Internet computer hardware, coffee retail services, books and providing a free reminder service site with gift sales. The Company was originally incorporated under the name Anything.Inc. In 2000, the Company changed its name to Inform Worldwide Holdings, Inc. Effective June 30, 2002, Inform filed articles of dissolution with the Colorado Secretary of State. As the sole stockholder of Inform, the Company approved the dissolution of Inform.
ISPO.OB Idea Sports Entertainment Group Inc, formerly Team Sports Entertainment, Inc. is a development stage company that was actively engaged in seeking a qualified private company as a candidate for a business combination. The Company had one wholly owned subsidiary, Maxx Motorsports, Inc., as of August 31, 2004. Maxx, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Team Racing Auto Circuit, LLC (TRAC), planned to develop, own, operate and sanction an automotive racing league designed to provide content for television and tracks while expanding the existing base of racing fans. On August 26, 2003, the Board of Directors of the Company unanimously approved a plan to immediately discontinue its racing operation. In September 2004, the Co. acquired Idea Management Group, Inc., a creator and developer of entertainment content focusing on sports and general entertainment properties. In November 2004, the Company purchased the rights to America's Top Driver racing series from New York-based, The Adler Group.
HCO HyperSpace Communication, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets two software product lines: HyperWeb and HyperTunnel. These products speed up the delivery of information over computer networks (including the Internet, wireless, broadband, private and dial-up networks). By accelerating the delivery of information over computer networks, the Company accelerates the applications running on networked computers. Its software product lines, HyperWeb and HyperTunnel, address the need for real-time application acceleration and business communications over wired and wireless networks. While HyperWeb accelerates only information moving one direction, from a Web server to a Web browser (known as downstream acceleration), HyperTunnel provides bi-directional acceleration (downstream and upstream) of all information running on networks, including Web traffic, images, text, documents and information exchanged by networked client/server applications, such as Microsoft Outlook.
HNNSQ.OB Health &amp; Nutrition Systems International, Inc. develops, markets and sells weight management, energy and sport nutrition products to national and regional, food, drug, health, pharmacy, mass-market accounts and independent health and pharmacy accounts. The Company's product formulations are not proprietary. ThinTab, Fat Cutter Plus, Carbolizer, Original Carb Cutter, Eat Less, Carb Cutter Phase2, Fat Cutter Ephedra-Free, Zoom and Diet A Day Phase2. In March 2003, the Company stopped selling any products that contain ephedra because of negative publicity surrounding the ingredient including the Food and Drug Administration's (FDA's) announcement that it was considering a ban on ephedra. In December 2003, the FDA announced that it was banning the use of ephedra.
HTI Halozyme Therapeutics, Inc. is a biotechnology company dedicated to the development and commercialization of recombinant therapeutic enzymes and drug enhancement systems. The Company's products are human synthetic formulations of a hyaluronidase enzyme that replace current animal slaughterhouse-derived enzymes that carry high-risks of animal pathogen contamination and immunogenicity. These products are based on a highly versatile enzyme technology that has a wide range of therapeutic applications, and will enable to help patients across multiple disease states.
GETI GenTek Inc. is a holding company whose subsidiaries manufacture industrial components, performance chemicals and communications products. Its subsidiaries operate through three primary business segments: manufacturing, performance products and communications. The Company operates over 75 manufacturing and production facilities located primarily in the United States, Canada, and Mexico with additional facilities in Australia, China, Germany, Great Britain and India. In October 2002, GenTek and 31 of its direct and indirect subsidiaries, including its Noma Company subsidiary filed voluntary petitions for reorganization relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. The Plan was confirmed, in October 2003, and became effective in accordance with its terms in November 2003. In March 2004, GenTek announced that it signed a definitive agreement to sell its KRONE communications business to ADC Telecommunications, Inc.
FSRT.OB FreeStar Technology Corporation has developed software-enabling e-commerce transactions over the Internet using credit, debit, automated teller machine (ATM) or smart cards. The Company intends to have four main revenue sources: sales of its PaySafe devices, called ePayPad; processing fees related to the transactions through the use of ePayPad and merchant services; transaction fees stemming from its Internet Payment Gateway, and processing fees from the use of Rahaxi Processing Oy., which processes online point-of-sale terminal transactions in Finland. The Company's operations are principally in Dominican Republic under the name ePayLatina S.A., which are operated in its local currency, the Dominican Republic Peso, and in Helsinki Finland under the Rahaxi subsidiary, operated in its local currency, the Euro.
EXE Extendicare Inc. is a provider of long-term care and related services in North America through its subsidiaries. In the United States, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Extendicare Health Services, Inc. (EHSI) and its subsidiaries, operate long-term care and assisted living facilities in 14 states. In Canada, the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Extendicare (Canada) Inc. (ECI) and its subsidiaries, operate nursing and retirement centers in five provinces and manage a chronic care hospital unit in Ontario. ECI is also a provider of home healthcare in Canada through its ParaMed Home HealthCare division. The Company has a presence in three states in the United States, Pennsylvania, Wisconsin and Ohio, as well as in the Province of Ontario, Canada (more than 10% of its long-term facilities in each of these jurisdictions). Average occupancy levels for 2003 and 2002 were 92.9% and 92%, respectively.
XTNDE Extended Systems Incorporated provides the expertise and solutions to help companies streamline their business processes and accelerate product development through the adaptive mobility software. The software allows corporate enterprises, application developers and device manufacturers to share, exchange, collaborate, manage and deploy data effectively and easily across a wide range of mobile devices.
ELS Equity Lifestyle Porperties, Inc., fomerly Manufactured Home Communities, Inc. (MHC) is a fully integrated company that owns and operates manufactured home communities (Communities) and park model communities (Resorts). As of December 31, 2003, MHC owned or had an ownership interest in a portfolio of 142 Communities and Resorts, located throughout the United States, containing 51,715 residential sites. The Company's properties provide amenities and common facilities for residents. Many also offer additional amenities such as sauna/whirlpool spas, golf courses, tennis, shuffleboard and basketball courts and exercise rooms. The largest property of MHC is Bay Indies, located in Venice, Florida, which accounted for approximately 3.0% of total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2003. The operations of the Company are conducted primarily through MHC Operating Limited Partnership.
EMBTE Embarcadero Technologies, Inc. is a provider of data lifecycle management solutions that help organizations cost-effectively build, optimize, test and manage their critical data, database and application infrastructures. The Company's solutions focus on the three key areas of data lifecycle management: Model-Driven Data Solutions, Cross-Platform Data Management and Data Performance and Availability. By simplifying data lifecycle management, these solutions allow companies to fully leverage investments made in their information technology (IT) infrastructures, improve the productivity of their staff and simplify and automate the integration of information across their organizations. Embarcadero's design products allow customers to reduce the time between conception and implementation of their enterprise applications. Its data movement products allow customers to transform and move critical information between disparate systems and platforms.
DYII.OB Dynacq Healthcare, Inc., (Dynacq) incorporated in September 1983, is a holding company that through its subsidiaries develops and manages general acute care hospitals that provide specialized general surgeries. The Company develops and operates general acute care hospitals designed to handle specialized general surgeries, such as bariatric, orthopedic and neuro-spine surgeries. Certain of the Company's hospitals also provide facilities for fertility, sleep laboratory and pain management services. Dynacq's hospitals include operating rooms, pre- and post-operative space, intensive care units, nursing units, and modern diagnostic facilities. These hospitals are the Pasadena Facility, the Garland Facility, the Baton Rouge Facility and the West Houston Facility. On October 8, 2004, Vista Hospital of Baton Rouge, LLC (VHBR) filed a voluntary petition under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Texas.
DRJ DRC Resources Corporation (DRC Resources) has been engaged in the business of acquiring and exploring resource properties in Canada and elsewhere (except for a period from September 1998, until September 1999, when it attempted to change its business to an e-commerce direction). DRC Resources is an exploration company, whose work on its properties has been limited to prospecting, sampling, research and drilling. While it has not determined that, any of its properties contain economically recoverable reserves, the Company received a favorable preliminary assessment that includes an economic evaluation in respect of its principal mineral prospect, the Afton Copper-Gold Project in October 2003.
DGIR.OB Digital Imaging Resources Inc., formerly Dominion Resources, Inc., is engaged in the development and production of a video capture and analysis system for golfers that it intends to market to golf professionals, golf courses and others in the golfing industry. The development of the system, including hardware and software, is expected to be completed in during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2004, and production and marketing of the system is expected to commence at that time. The video capture system is contained in a mobile kiosk that is equipped with a touch screen display monitor, two cameras for dual angle swing analysis, a microphone for manual or automatic recording, batteries, graphics and software. The system is to be used as a teaching aid or a self-improvement tool.
DMRCE Digimarc Corporation is a supplier of secure personal identification systems, providing more than 60 million personal identification documents and driver licenses per year. The Company supplies the issuance systems for the majority of driver licenses produced in the United States and provides all or part of the issuance systems for national identifications, voter identifications and driver licenses in more than twenty international programs. Digimarc is developing and marketing enhanced security for personal identification documents enabled by its proprietary digital watermarking technology.
DKMI.OB Datrek Miller International, Inc. is the result of a merger between Tennessee-based Datrek Professional bags, Inc. and Massachusetts-based Miller Golf Inc. The Company has a combined 75-year reputation for designing, manufacturing and supplying premium golf bags and accessories to the on-course and off-course distribution channels. The Datrek division holds licensing agreements for the collegiate market, various corporations and the United States Army, Air Force, Navy and Marines. This division distributes to the off-course channel including sporting goods retailers and college bookstores. The Miller Golf division markets golf accessories to the on-course channel including pro shops at private and public country clubs. They have also held agreements with golf associations such as the USGA and the PGA of America to supply products for their U.S. Open and Ryder Cup events.
DSTME Datastream Systems, Inc. provides asset performance management software and services to enterprises worldwide, including more than 60% of the Fortune 500. Through asset performance management, customers can maintain, manage and improve the performance of their capital asset infrastructure such as manufacturing equipment, fleet and facilities. Datastream 7i is an Internet-based product that provides customers with the tools they need for effective asset performance management. MP2 is designed for more traditional small- to medium-sized organizations dependent on more established technology architectures. Datastream also offers professional services and hosting services.
CURN Curon Medical, Inc. develops, manufactures and markets products for the treatment of gastrointestinal disorders. Its first product, the Stretta System, received United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) clearance in April 2000 for the treatment of gastroesophageal reflux disease (GERD). The Company commercially launched the Stretta System in May 2000. As of December 31, 2003, Curon had sold 252 control modules in the United States, and approximately 5,500 patients have been treated with the Stretta procedure. Its second product, the Secca System, is a radio frequency (RF) energy-based system for treatment of fecal incontinence. In March 2002, the Company received 510(k) clearance from the FDA to market the Secca System for the treatment of fecal incontinence in patients who have failed more conservative therapies, such as diet modification and biofeedback.
LENSE Concord Camera Corp. designs, develops, manufactures and sells, on a worldwide basis, easy-to-use image capture products. Concord sells to retail customers its own branded and private-label products, a number of which the Company has developed and manufactured. The Company also serves as a contract manufacturer of developed and co-developed products for its customers. Image capture products include both digital and analog products that enable the acquisition or recording of visual images either digitally (by using an electronic sensor) or through the use of a light sensitive material (such as silver halide). Recorded images can be viewed and shared on a liquid crystal display (LCD), standard computer monitor, television or by making hard copy prints.
DRY Coinmach Service Corp. is a provider of outsourced laundry equipment services for multi-family housing properties in North America. The Company's core business (route business) involves leasing laundry rooms from building owners and property management companies, installing and servicing laundry equipment, collecting revenues generated from laundry machines and operating retail laundromats. The existing customer base for the route business is comprised of owners of rental apartment buildings, property management companies, condominiums and cooperatives, universities and other multi-family housing properties. In addition, it rents laundry machines and other household appliances to property owners, managers of multi-family housing properties, individuals and corporate entities through its subsidiary, Appliance Warehouse of America, Inc. (AWA). Additionally, the Company also operates a laundry equipment distribution business through its subsidiary, Super Laundry Equipment Corp.
CPNO Copano Energy, L.L.C. is a midstream energy company with networks of natural gas gathering and intrastate transmission pipelines in the Texas Gulf Coast region. The Company has two operating segments, Copano Pipelines, which performs the natural gas gathering and transmission, and related operations, and Copano Processing, which performs the natural gas processing, treating and conditioning, and related NGL transportation operations. The Company's natural gas pipeline assets consist of approximately 1,300 miles of gas gathering and transmission pipelines, including 144 miles of pipeline owned by a partnership in which the Company owns a 62.5% interest and which it operates. These pipelines collect natural gas from designated points near producing wells and transport these volumes to third-party pipelines, the Houston Central Processing Plant, utilities and industrial consumers.
CN China Netcom Group Corporation (Hong Kong) Ltd. is a fixed-line telecommunications operator in China and an international data communications operator in the Asia-Pacific region. The Company's northern service region in China consists of Beijing Municipality, Tianjin Municipality, Hebei Province, Henan Province, Shandong Province and Liaoning Province. Its southern service region in China consists of Shanghai Municipality and Guangdong Province. The Company is a provider of fixed-line telephone services, broadband and other Internet-related services, and business and data communications services in its northern service region in China. It primarily targets business and residential customers in selected high-density areas in its southern service region in China. In addition, it operates an extensive network and offers international data services in the Asia-Pacific region. The Company is a subsidiary of China Netcom Group.
CHNR China Natural Resources, Inc., formerly China Resources Development, Inc., is primarily engaged in identifying, acquiring and operating business opportunities and, when management deems it advisable, disposing of acquired businesses. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company's subsidiaries included sense Limited, Hainan Cihui Industrial Company Limited, Sunwide Capital Ltd., Silver Moon Technologies Limited and Shenzhen Xubu Investment Co. Ltd. During the same period, China Resources' only active business operations consisted of its advertising, promotion and public relations businesses conducted through Isense. The Company was previously engaged in retail supermarket operations.
CSH Cash America International, Inc. is a provider of specialty financial services to individuals in the United States, United Kingdom and Sweden. As of December 31, 2003, it offered its services through 763 total locations. The Company is a provider of secured non-recourse loans, commonly referred to as pawn loans, to individuals through 474 locations in 17 states and two foreign countries. It also offers unsecured cash advances in many of its United States locations, including 19 locations that offer only this service. In addition, Cash America provides cash advances and check cashing through the 135 consumer finance centers of Cashland Financial Services, Inc. and check cashing services through the 135 franchised and Company-owned check cashing centers of Mr. Payroll Corporation. In addition to its owned pawnshops, the Company offers and sells franchises to third parties. In December 2004, the Company acquired the pawn operating assets of Camco, Inc.
CDZI.OB Cadiz, Inc. has been engaged in the land acquisition, water development activities, agricultural operations and search for international water and agricultural opportunities. The Company's development activities are focused on water resource development at its San Bernardino County properties. Since the acquisition of Sun World in 1996, Cadiz provided to Sun World various management and administrative services and facilities, and supplemented Sun World's annual working capital requirements. On January 30, 2003, Sun World and three of its wholly owned subsidiaries filed voluntary petitions under Chapter 11 of the Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court, Central District of California, Riverside Division. In November 2003, Sun World filed a plan of reorganization with the Bankruptcy Court and accompanying disclosure statement. As part of the Sun World bankruptcy process, Cadiz exited the agricultural operations.
BT BT Group plc provides voice and data services in the UK and overseas, particularly in Europe, but also in the Americas and the Asia Pacific region. British Telecommunications plc is a wholly owned subsidiary of BT Group plc and holds virtually all businesses and assets of the BT group. BT supplies over 20 million customers with a wide range of communications products and services, including voice, data, Internet and multimedia services and offers a comprehensive range of managed and packaged communications solutions. The Company's core portfolio covers traditional telephony products, such as calls, analogue/digital lines and private circuits. In January 2004, the Company acquired the United Kingdom operations of NSB Retail Systems, a supplier of software products and services to the retail market.
ABTLE Autobytel Inc. is an automotive marketing services company that helps dealers and manufacturers through its marketing, advertising and customer relationship management tools and programs, primarily through the Internet. The Company's three car buying Websites include Autobytel.com, Autoweb.com and CarSmart.com. Its automotive research Website is AutoSite.com. The Company also owns AVV, Inc., a provider of dealership lead management tools and dealer management system data extraction services. The Company provides tools and programs to automotive dealers and manufacturers to help them increase market share and reduce customer acquisition costs. As of January 31, 2004, Autobytel had a total of 29,100 dealer relationships in the United States. In April 2004, the Company acquired Stoneage Corporation, an Internet automotive buying service and owner of the Car.com Website, and iDriveonline, Inc., a provider of customer loyalty and retention marketing programs for the automotive industry.
ATAHQ.PK ATA Holdings Corp. owns ATA Airlines, Inc. (ATA), a passenger airline in the United States. The Company is a provider of low-cost scheduled airline services, commercial charter services and passenger airline services to the United States military. At December 31, 2003, ATA and Chicago Express Airlines, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of ATA Holdings, were certified to operate a fleet of 82 aircraft. The Company operated two Lockheed L-1011-50, 100 aircraft, four Lockheed L-1011-500 aircraft, 32 Boeing 737-800 aircraft, 15 Boeing 757-200 aircraft, 12 Boeing 757-300 aircraft and 17 SAAB 340B aircraft. In October 2004, the Company filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection.
AZPNE Aspen Technology, Inc. is a supplier of integrated software and services to the process industries, which consist of oil and gas, petroleum, chemicals, pharmaceuticals and other industries that manufacture and produce products from a chemical process. The Company offers two principal product lines engineering and innovation, and plant operations/supply chain. The engineering and innovation solutions are desktop applications and services that help companies design and improve their plants and processes. The plant operations/supply chain solutions allow process manufacturers to operate their plants and supply chains efficiently, from customer demand through manufacturing to the delivery of the finished product. It has a customer base of over 1,500 process manufacturers, including 46 of the 50 chemical companies, 23 of the 25 petroleum refiners, 19 of the 20 pharmaceutical companies and 17 of the 20 engineering and construction firms that serve the process industries around the world.
ASFTE.OB Artisoft, Inc. develops, markets and sells computer telephony software application products and associated services. The Company's principal products are TeleVantage, a software-based telephone system that runs on the Windows server platform and Intel communications hardware, and InstantOffice, a server-based phone system. On September 28, 2004, Artisoft completed the acquisition of Vertical Networks, a provider of distributed Internet protocol (IP)-private branch exchange (PBX) software and communications solutions to large enterprises.
ATB Arlington Tankers, Ltd. is a deep-sea transportation company, which owns a fleet of six tankers consisting of two V-MAX tankers, which are specially designed very-large crude (oil) carriers (VLCCs) ranging in size from 200,000 to 320,000 dead weight tons (dwt); two Panamax tankers, which are tankers ranging in size from 50,000 to 80,000 dwt, and two Product tankers, which are tankers designed to carry a wide range of products, including crude oil, and clean and dirty products (collectively, the Fleet). The Company has six wholly owned subsidiaries that own one of the tankers in the Fleet.
ACDI.OB Arcadia Resources, Inc. is a national provider of staffing and home care services in 22 states. Its services include medical staffing, non-medical staffing and home care. It also offers a full-service, mail-order pharmacy, and provides medical equipment, including surgical supplies and other products. In September 2002, the Company completed the reverse acquisition of Critical Home Care, Incorporated, and changed its name to Critical Home Care, Inc. In May 2004, it acquired RKDA, Inc. Prior to the acquisition of RKDA, the Company's business was limited to selling and renting durable medical equipment, surgical supplies, orthotic and prosthetic products, oxygen and other respiratory therapy services and equipment, principally through retail outlets in the New York metropolitan area. In November 2004, it changed its name from Critical Home Care, Inc. to Arcadia Resources, Inc.
AICXE Applied Imaging Corp. is a provider of automated instrument systems for cytogenetics, which is the analysis of chromosomes in cells. The Company was founded to develop, manufacture and market automated genetic imaging systems for use in cytogenetic laboratories for cancer testing, prenatal testing and other genetic testing applications. Applied Imaging sells its products to government and private clinical laboratories, research institutions, universities and pharmaceutical companies located in the United States, Canada, Europe, Japan and other countries. It also markets imaging systems designed for use in plant and animal genetic research programs. In addition, the Company offers instruments designed to automate the imaging and interpretation of tissue-based pathology assays. Applied Imaging has an installed base of over 3,000 instruments in over 1,000 laboratories and clinics in more than 60 countries.
ALOGE Analogic Corporation is engaged primarily in the design, manufacture and sale of high-technology, high-precision data acquisition, conversion (analog/digital) and signal processing instruments and systems to customers that manufacture products for medical and industrial use. The Company operates primarily within two segments, Imaging Technology Products and Signal Processing Technology Products. Imaging technology Products consist primarily of electronic systems and subsystems for medical imaging equipment and advanced explosive detection systems. Signal Processing Technology Products consist of analog-to-digital converters and supporting modules, and high-speed digital signal processors. The Company also owns a hotel that is located adjacent to its principal executive offices and manufacturing facility in Peabody, Massachusetts. The hotel is managed for the Company under a contract with Marriott Corporation.
AKN Akorn, Inc. manufactures and markets diagnostic and therapeutic pharmaceuticals in specialty areas such as ophthalmology, rheumatology, anesthesia and antidotes, among others. Its customers include physicians, optometrists, wholesalers, group purchasing organizations and other pharmaceutical companies. The Company has one wholly owned subsidiary named Akorn (New Jersey), Inc. which is involved in manufacturing, research and development and administrative activities related to Akorn's ophthalmic segment. The Company has three segments: the ophthalmic, injectable and contract services segments. Akorn's primary distributors are AmerisourceBergen Corporation, Cardinal Health, Inc. and McKesson Drug Company that accounted for approximately 54% of the Company's total gross sales, 44% of its revenues in 2003 and 52% of its gross accounts receivables as of December 2003.
ADVC.OB Advanced Communications Technologies, Inc. is a New York City-based diversified public holding company. The Company focuses on high growth-potential businesses through both its wholly owned operating subsidiaries in the technology services industry and its strategic investments in diverse industries. Through the Company's wholly owned subsidiary and principal operating unit, Encompass Group Affiliates, Inc., it owns Cyber-Test, Inc. Cyber-Test is an electronic equipment repair company based in Longwood, Florida, and is its core operating business. In addition, through its wholly owned subsidiary, Hudson Street Investments, Inc., an investment vehicle, the Company owns a minority interest in Yorkville Advisors Management, LLC, an investment management partnership, and through its wholly owned subsidiary, SpectruCell, Inc., the Company holds the North and South American marketing and distribution rights to SpectruCell.
ADH Adherex Technologies Inc. is a biopharmaceutical company with a focus on cancer therapeutics and a cadherin-based tumor vascular targeting platform. The Company has four product candidates in the clinical stage of development: Exherin, a compound that selectively targets cancer blood vessels; Sodium Thiosulfate (STS), a chemoprotectant, which has been shown in Phase I and Phase II clinical studies at Oregon Health &amp; Science University (OHSU) to reduce the disabling loss of hearing in patients; N-Acetylcysteine (NAC), a chemoprotectant that will be the subject of a planned revised Phase I clinical trial at OHSU to study the safety profile of NAC in the prevention of bone marrow toxicity resulting from chemotherapy regimens, and Mesna, a chemoenhancer, a compound that has displayed anticancer activity in laboratory studies conducted by investigators at Rutgers and in a Phase I clinical study in Argentina by reducing the resistance of cancer cells to certain chemotherapeutic agents.
ADBYF.OB ADB Systems International Ltd. (ADB) develops and sells software solutions and services that allow customers to source, manage and sell their assets and capital equipment. The Company refers to its product and services suite as asset lifecycle management solutions. ADB Systems' solutions help customers reduce sourcing, procurement and maintenance costs, improve asset utilization, reduce operational downtime and generate higher yields for surplus equipment. In October 2001, it acquired ADB Systemer ASA (ADB Systemer), a Norway-based software company involved in the oil and gas industry. Since the acquisition, ADB Systems has maintained sales and development offices in Canada, the United States, the United Kingdom, Ireland and Norway. The Company works with a number of customers and partners in sectors, including oil and gas, government, healthcare, manufacturing and financial services.
ACRS.OB Acceris Communications Inc. (formerly I-Link Incorporated) supplies communications products and services to businesses and consumers and operates through its two divisions, Telecommunications and Technologies. Acceris' Telecommunications division has two marketing channels, Retail, which offers a selection of voice and data telecommunications products and services to residential and commercial customers through a network of independent agents, primarily via multi-level marketing and commercial agent programs, and Enterprise, which offers voice services and fully integrated, fully managed data services. The Company's Technologies division offers a network convergence solution for voice and data in Voice over Internet Protocol (VoIP) communications technology and holds two foundational patents in the VoIP space.
AIC Aames Investment Corporation provides home mortgage equity loans to homeowners with subpar credit who have trouble getting financing from traditional lenders. Through its retail loan channel, the lender operates about 100 Aames Home Loan retail loan offices across the United States. Its wholesale channel relies on a network of nearly 5,000 independent mortgage brokers for originations.
HYFS.OB Hybrid Fuel Systems, Inc., formerly Save On Energy, Inc., is a development-stage company that is primarily involved in the research, development and marketing of high-performance, low emissions engine fuel systems that allow the use of natural gas in engines that were originally built to be powered by diesel. The Company previously developed and marketed a patented, mechanical, dual-fuel natural gas and diesel system (the Mechanical Fuel System), which, when installed on a diesel engine vehicle, permits the use of natural gas and diesel fuel together. The Company completed its development of a digital version of this system (the Digital Fuel System), and is in the process of testing such system with a major diesel truck fleet operator.
FWHLF.OB Foster Wheeler Ltd. is a holding company that is engaged in two business groups, the Engineering and Construction Group (E&amp;C Group) and the Energy Group. The Company has substantial international operations that are conducted through foreign and domestic subsidiaries, as well as through agreements with foreign joint venture partners. The international operations accounted for approximately 76% of the Company's fiscal year ended December 26, 2003 (fiscal 2003) operating revenues and substantially all of the operating cash flow. The Company had international operations throughout the world, including operations in Europe, the Middle East, Asia and South America.
SPTME.OB Spectrum Laboratories, Inc. is engaged in development and commercialization of tubular membranes and membrane devices for existing and emerging life science applications. The Company's product groups are Bioprocessing, Original Equipment Manufacturing (OEM) and Operating Room Disposables. The Bioprocessing unit sells membranes, membrane devices and other products used by customers at universities, government institutions, non-profit organizations, pharmaceutical, diagnostic and biotechnology companies. The OEM unit supplies separation devices to companies developing products for Cell Therapy, Cell Expansion, Implants and Molecular/ Micro filtration for in vivo and ex-vivo applications. The Disposable Operating Room unit sells orthopedic and arthroscopic drapes, sterile microscope covers, tissue carriers and other disposables to hospital and clinic operating rooms. In October, 2004, the Company announced that it was going private.
PLNT.OB Planet Polymer Technologies, Inc. is an advanced materials company engaged in the design, development, manufacture and marketing of degradable and recycled polymer materials. The Company's proprietary polymer materials are marketed under the trademarks EnviroPlastic and Aquadro, and can be used to produce films, coatings and injection molded parts that serve as environmentally compatible alternatives to conventional plastics. Planet also developed polymer technologies that are being marketed under the trademarks Optigen 1200 and FreshSeal, principally for Agway Inc., a shareholder of the Company. Other patented development technologies of the Company include EnviroPlastic Z materials, which are biodegradable and compostable polymers, and AQUAMIM Metal Injection Molding materials, which are moldable metal-filled polymers.
ORGTE.OB OrganiTECH USA, Inc. is primarily engaged in the development and production of technologies, platforms and applied engineering solutions through its wholly owned subsidiary, Organitech, Ltd. These solutions automate the method by which many foods, plants and extracts are cultivated. Organitech has been developing its first proprietary solution, the GrowTech 2000 (GT-2000), a low input-high output, self-contained, portable agricultural platform designed to automatically seed, transplant and harvest commercial quantities of hydroponic, pesticide free, green leaf vegetables.
NINE Ninetowns Digital World Trade Holdings Ltd is a People's Republic of China (PRC) software company, which enables enterprises and trade-related PRC government agencies to streamline the import/export process in China. The Company focuses on providing enterprise software for the completion over the Internet of the processing of import/ export declarations, or the declaration process. It assisted in designing, building and helps maintain and upgrade, the electronic systems of the State Administration for Quality Supervision and Inspection and Quarantine of the PRC, or the PRC Inspections Administration, which enable its enterprise software to complete the declaration process over the Internet. It operates in three lines of business: sales of enterprise software, software development services and sales of computer hardware and accessories
KSHR.OB Kirshner Entertainment &amp; Technologies, Inc. is a software and services company. Subsequent to its acquisition of HBOA.Com, Inc. in May 2000, the Company focused on the development of an Internet portal through which home-based business owners, as well as commercial private label businesses, obtain the products, services and information necessary to start, expand and profitably run their businesses. In December 2000, Kirshner formed a new subsidiary, Aerisys, Inc., to handle commercial private business. During the year ended December 31, 2003, Kirshner's business was operated through two divisions: the Entertainment and the Technology divisions. In March 2003, the Company discontinued its Entertainment Division and Technology Division, except for the Aerisys operations. As of April 15, 2004, Kirshner has one operating subsidiary, Aerisys Intelligent Community services.
ICBO.OB ICBS International Corporation, formerly BusinessWay International Corporation is engaged in business-to-business (B2B) Internet software programming and development. The Company is comprised of wholly owned subsidiaries and it's sole operation in Canada. BusinessWay's business is divided into three divisions, such as personal computers manufacturing, retail store operations and franchising, and B2B Internet software programming and research and development.
GSX Gasco Energy, Inc. is a natural gas and petroleum exploitation and development company engaged in locating and developing hydrocarbon prospects in the Rocky Mountain region. The Company's principal business is the acquisition of leasehold interests in petroleum and natural gas rights, either directly or indirectly and the exploitation and development of properties subject to these leases. Gasco focuses its exploitation activities on locating natural gas and crude petroleum. In March 2004, the Company acquired working interests and gathering system assets from an unrelated partner in its Riverbend exploitation area in Utah. Gasco will be the operator of the acquired properties and assets.
FLXT.OB Flexpoint Sensor Systems, Inc. is a development-stage company principally engaged in designing, engineering and manufacturing sensor technology and equipment using a flexible potentiometer technology. The Company operates through its subsidiaries, Sensitron, Inc. and Flexpoint, Inc. Flexpoint Sensor sought bankruptcy protection on July 3, 2001, and it filed a voluntary petition for reorganization pursuant to Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. Flexpoint Sensor's primary challenge is to have its proposed bankruptcy plan confirmed. The Company must complete confirmation of its proposed bankruptcy plan no later than March 1, 2004, to avoid Chapter 7 bankruptcy.
EXEG.OB eXegenics, Inc. has operates as a drug discovery company, exploiting enabling technologies to advance and shorten the drug development cycle. The Company exited the drug discovery market and repositioned as a commercially oriented, specialty markets drug company focused on developing and marketing products to physicians practicing in specialist areas. As a result of the decision to exit the drug discovery business, a number of the Company's programs have been shut down. These programs are Quantum Core Technology (QCT), Optimized Anti-Sense Inhibitory Sequence (OASIS), Taxanes Program and Gaucher's disease.
DIAAF.OB Diamant Art Corporation, formerly ART International Corporation, formerly A.R.T. International Inc., is engaged in the production, distribution and marketing of replications of original paintings that incorporated brushwork texture, including, but not limited to, oil, acrylic and other textured pigment-mediums. The Company's reproductions on canvas are marketed using the Artagraph Editions trademark. Artagraph Editions replicates both the color and brush stroke texture so that the resulting works of art are almost indistinguishable, by the average person, from original paintings. The Artagraph Editions include signed and numbered limited editions by contemporary artists, as well as editions of works by the great masters, including Monet, Manet, Van Gogh, Degas, Renoir and Turner. Once the Company has a reproduced title in its library, it can manufacture as many reproductions from that title as the market will bear, subject only to limitations imposed by contracts with third parties.
CEGP.OB CNTV Entertainment Group. Inc, formerly Centiv, Inc. is the holding company for Beijing Multimedia Limited. Beijing Multimedia partly owns CITIC Cultural &amp; Sports Industry Co. Ltd. CITIC Cultural's principal businesses include film production and distribution, television drama and program production and distribution, subway and railway advertising, magazine and newspaper publication and sports and entertainment businesses.
BDSI BioDelivery Sciences International, Inc. is a biotechnology company that is developing and seeking to commercialize a drug delivery technology designed for a base of prescription drugs, vaccines and over-the-counter drugs. BioDelivery's proposed drug delivery technology encapsulates the selected drug in a nanocrystalline structure termed a cochleate cylinder. All of the components of the cochleate cylinder are naturally occurring substances. The Company's drug delivery technology was developed in collaboration with the University of Medicine and Dentistry of New Jersey and the Albany Medical College that have each granted BioDelivery the exclusive worldwide licenses under applicable patents.
ATLO Ames National Corporation is a bank holding company that owns five banking subsidiaries (the Banks) consisting of two national banks and three state-chartered banks. All of the Company's operations are conducted in the state of Iowa and primarily within the central Iowa counties of Boone, Story and Marshall where the Company's banking subsidiaries are located. The Banks' lending activities consist primarily of short-term and medium-term commercial and residential real estate loans, agricultural and business operating loans and lines of credit, equipment loans, vehicle loans, personal loans and lines of credit, home improvement loans and secondary mortgage loan origination. The Banks consist of the Company's principal banking subsidiary, First National Bank, Ames, Iowa (First National), State Bank &amp; Trust Co. (State Bank), Boone Bank &amp; Trust Co. (Boone Bank), the Randall-Story State Bank and United Bank &amp; Trust NA (United Bank).
VITS.OB Vitasti Inc. formerly Global Golf Holdings, Inc. operates in a single business segment specializing in the marketing, rental and distribution of golf merchandise. Prior to the acquisition of Golflogix, The company was engaged in the business of designing Websites and operating and maintaining a Website for companies associated with the forest and wood product industries through its subsidiary, The Forest Industry Online Inc. However, subsequent to the acquisition of this business, the Company failed to generate profitability and incurred negative cash flows from operations.
UTRXE.OB Unitronix Corporation is a software development and services company that is in transition from being a provider of material requirements planning (MRP) systems with its PRAXA product to being a provider of knowledge-based tools for the mineral exploration industry. Unitronix also has developed a software tool that was intended to analyze geo-scientific data in order to locate areas that have high potential for containing volcanogenic massive sulfide mineralization. The tool, Geo-Sleuth, is intended to reduce the time and costs typically incurred by mineral exploration specialists in locating areas that are worthy of further study. Additionally, the Company has two Canada-based subsidiaries that were formed to explore for minerals. One of these subsidiaries is actively engaged in mineral exploration activities in the Province of Ontario.
TNTU.OB Tengtu International Corp., through its wholly owned subsidiary, Beijing Tengtu United Electronics Development Co., Ltd. (Tengtu United), is engaged in the sale of software and educational materials to schools in the People's Republic of China (PRC). These products and materials consist principally of the education resource for Microsoft(R) Office software, which incorporates educational and teaching resources contained in the Company's Total Solution software with Microsoft's Office 2003; educational resources based on the PRC's required K-12 curriculum, which are distributed by satellite and on hard disk drives by Hua Xia Bo Xin Education Software Co., a joint venture with the PRC Ministry of Education of which the Company owns 53% and which it refers to as CBERC, and teacher training resources. Another entity that is part of the Tengtu China Group Companies, which the Company continues to utilize, is Tengtu Electronic Publishing House (TEP).
SFC Spirit Finance Corporation is a real estate investment trust (REIT) based in Scottsdale, Arizona. As a real estate finance, the Company offers investors an interest in a pool of single-tenant, operationally essential real estate leased on a long-term, triple-net basis to retail, distribution and service companies in order to provide attractive returns to the investors. A triple-net lease requires the tenant to pay all operating and maintenance costs, insurance premiums and real estate taxes for the property. Operationally essential real estate is real estate critical to the generation of the customers' sales and profits, such as the land and building, a house and a movie theater, which is real estate integral to a national movie theater chain's ability to generate revenue.
SVA Sinovac Biotechnology Ltd. specializes in the research, development, commercialization and sales of human vaccines for infectious illnesses, such as Hepatitis A and Hepatitis B, influenza and SARS. The Company focuses on manufacturing and marketing human vaccines and related products and markets its vaccine for Hepatitis A. The Company has one licensed product, Healive, which it is selling in China and the international community. The Company has two products for approval from the Chinese Food and Drug Administration, including Bilive and its influenza Split Flu Vaccine.
RADI RADA Electronic Industries Ltd. develops, manufactures and sells integrated training solutions, advanced fleet maintenance management solutions, integrated weapons management systems, data acquisition and management systems, Unmanned Air Vehicle (UAV) avionics and automatic testing solutions. The Company also provides manufacturing services for military and commercial use in Israel, the United States and Europe. In addition, RADA provides test and repair services using its Commercial Aviation Test Stations testers and test program sets through Beijing Huarui Aircraft Components Maintenance and Services Co., Ltd. (CACS), a Chinese subsidiary.
PEY The PowerShares High Yield Equity Dividend Acheivers Portfolio is based on the Mergent Dividend Achievers 50 Index.   The Index seeks to deliver high current income and capital appreciation. It is comprised of the fifty highest yielding companies with at least ten years of consecutive dividend increases. The yield-weighted portfolio is rebalanced quarterly, and reconstituted annually.
PGJ The PowerShares Golden Dragon Halter USX China Portfolio is based on the Halter USX China Index.   The Index is comprised of U.S.-listed securities of companies which derive a majority of their revenue from the People's Republic of China. The portfolio is rebalanced quarterly.
OTT Otelco Inc., formerly known as Rural LEC Acquisition LLC, is a wire line telephone services provider in several rural communities in Alabama and Missouri. The Company's services include local telephone, network access, long distance, Internet access, cable television and other telephone-related services. During the year ended December 31, 2003, Otelco operated approximately 35,900 access line equivalents, including voice access lines, cable modem and digital subscriber lines (DSL). In 2003, it had pro forma revenues of approximately $44.9 million. On June 30, 2003, it acquired Blountsville, a rural local exchange carrier (RLEC) that serves portions of Blount County in Alabama. In connection with the transaction, it acquired 4,074 access line equivalents.
ORNG Orange 21 Inc. designs, develops and markets premium products for the action sports and youth lifestyle markets. Its principal products, sunglasses and goggles, are marketed under the brand Spy Optic. The Company's product matrix consists of seven product categories, including fashion sunglasses, women-specific sunglasses, performance sport sunglasses, snow goggles, motocross goggles, apparel and accessories. These products target the action sports market, including surfing, skateboarding and snowboarding, and the youth lifestyle market within fashion, music and entertainment. The Company sells its products in approximately 4,100 retail locations in the United States and internationally through approximately 2,000 retail locations serviced by the Company and its international distributors. On November 29, 2004, the Company changed its name from Spy Optic, Inc.
RHEO OccuLogix, Inc. is an ophthalmic therapeutic company that provides treatments for eye diseases, including age-related macular degeneration (AMD). AMD is the leading cause of late onset visual impairment and legal blindness in people over the age of 50 in the United States and other Western industrialized societies. The Company's product, the RHEO System, is designed to improve microcirculation in the eye by filtering high-molecular weight proteins and other macromolecules from the patient's plasma. The RHEO System is used to perform Rheopheresis (RHEO Therapy). Rheopheresis is a blood filtration process that selectively removes molecules from plasma. The RHEO System consists of the OctoNova pump and a disposable treatment set, containing two filters, through which the patient's blood circulates. On July 29, 2004, the Company changed its name from Vascular Sciences Corporation.
NAL NewAlliance Bancshares, Inc. is a bank holding company. On April 1, 2004 its wholly owned subsidiary, NewAlliance Bank (the Bank), was established through the combination of New Haven Savings Bank, Savings Bank of Manchester and Tolland Bank. The Bank serves the personal finance, business banking and wealth management needs of consumers and businesses throughout Connecticut. The Bank has 65 branches, $6.4 billion in assets and $3.8 billion in deposits. The Bank is a community bank dedicated to providing its customers with financial products and services, as well as contributing to the communities in which it does business, through charitable giving and other types of support.
MMTSE.OB Multi-media Tutorial Services, Inc. produces, acquires and distributes products to educational institutions and consumers using direct marketing through television, radio, print advertising and Internet advertising. The Company's principal product has been proprietary tutorial education programs on videotape, digital videodisc (DVD) and compact disc-read only memory (CD-ROM) for use by adults and children in homes, workplaces, schools, libraries and other locales. This principal product line that is marketed under the brand Math Made Easy, consists of a series of over 100 videotapes, DVDs, CD ROMs and supplemental materials on mathematics.
MHLXE.OB microHelix, Inc. which commenced business as a research and development company in 1991, is a designer, manufacturer and marketer of customized electronic interconnect systems for the medical and commercial markets. The Company's ultrasound division designs and manufactures cable assemblies for original equipment manufacturer (OEM) customers that are used in applications, such as medical ultrasound probes, patient monitoring devices and heads-up displays. In April 2004, the Company sold its Cable and Wire Division to Advanced Neuromodulation Systems (ANS), a designer, developer, manufacturer and marketer of implantable systems used to manage chronic intractable pain and other disorders of the central nervous system. The sale of the Cable and Wire Division assets to ANS is an essential step in microHelix's plan to focus its capabilities and financial resources on expanding its interconnect system assembly business, particularly serving its medical ultrasound OEM customers.
MDH MHI Hospitality Corporation is a self-advised hotel investment company. The Company will initially own six full-service, Upper Upscale and Midscale hotels that are located in primary and secondary markets in the mid-Atlantic and Southeastern United States. The Company intends to purchase, renovate and upbrand underperforming, full-service hotels while seeking to improve the operating results of its initial portfolio. The Company intends to focus its investment activities on the acquisition of a hotel that is closed or functionally obsolete and requires a restructuring of both the business components of the operations, as well as the physical plant of the hotel, including extensive renovation of the building, furniture, fixtures and equipment; the acquisition of an underperforming but structurally sound hotel that requires moderate renovation to re-establish the hotel in its market, and the acquisition of properties that can be upgraded physically and enhanced operationally.
MDCV.OB MedicalCV, Inc. is a cardiothoracic surgery device manufacturer, focused on the design, development and commercialization of new, improved and enhanced technologies, products, methods and techniques to treat cardiovascular disorders and disease, including products targeting the treatment of atrial fibrillation. MedicalCV previously developed and marketed mechanical heart valves and its proprietary pyrolytic carbon processes.
MIC Macquarie Infrastructure Company Trust (the Trust) is a trust that has been formed to own, operate and invest in a diversified group of infrastructure businesses in the United States and other developed countries. The Trust's initial businesses consist of an airport services business, an airport parking business and a 50% interest in a toll road. Its initial investments are in a regulated water utility and a communications infrastructure investment fund. Going forward, the Trust intends to focus principally on owning, operating and acquiring infrastructure businesses in the United States. The Trust intends to operate its businesses to maximize these cash flows by optimizing their operations and financing structure. It also intends to make acquisitions complementary to its initial businesses and acquisitions in other attractive infrastructure sectors. Macquarie Infrastructure Management (USA) Inc. manages the Trust.
LVS Las Vegas Sands Corp. owns and operates the Venetian Casino Resort and the Sands Expo and Convention Center in Las Vegas, Nevada, and the Sands Macao Casino in Macau, China. The Company is also in the process of developing two other casino resorts: the Palazzo Casino Resort, which is adjacent to and connected with the Venetian Casino Resort, and the Macao Venetian Casino Resort in Macau. It has also entered into certain agreements to develop gaming properties in the United Kingdom, and is exploring other gaming entertainment opportunities in Asia, Europe and the United States. On May 17, 2004, it sold The Grand Canal Shoppes and leased certain restaurant and other retail assets of the Venetian Casino Resort to a subsidiary of General Growth Properties, Inc. (GGP). On July 29, 2004, it acquired Interface Group Holding Company, Inc.
KNL Knoll, Inc. is a designer and manufacturer of branded office furniture products and textiles. The Company has a comprehensive portfolio of products designed to provide enduring value and help clients shape their workplaces. Its products are targeted at the middle to upper end of the market. Knoll sells its products primarily in North America through a direct sales force and a broad network of independent dealers. The Company offers a comprehensive and expanding portfolio of office furniture and textiles across five product categories.
KMA KMG America Corporation is a holding company formed to acquire Kanawha, a provider of voluntary life and health insurance products in the southeastern United States, and to operate and grow Kanawha's insurance and other related businesses. The Company's initial operations primarily will consist of three lines of business that it will acquire through the acquisition of Kanawha: worksite insurance business, senior market insurance business and third-party administration business.
ITI Iteris Inc, formerly Iteris Holdings, Inc. is the majority shareholder of Iteris Inc., a provider of traffic vision systems and sensors that are designed to enhance driver safety and optimize the flow of vehicular traffic. Iteris uses its object-recognition software and transportations engineering expertise to provide solutions for the Intelligent Transportation Systems (ITS) market. The Company's AutoVue lane departure warning systems address a cause of passenger fatalities in automobiles and commercial trucks. Approximately 8,000 units are in use in commercial trucks, and Iteris is seeking to extend these solutions to the market for passenger cars and light trucks, and to establish AutoVue as a platform for in-vehicle video sensing. Iteris' Vantage systems utilize the Company's outdoor image processing to detect the presence of vehicles, and are active in the area of vision-based control systems for traffic intersections.
IBI Interline Brands, Inc. is a national distributor and direct marketer of specialty maintenance, repair and operations (MRO) products. The Company stocks over 45,000 plumbing, electrical, hardware, security hardware, heating, ventilation and air conditioning (HVAC) and other MRO products, and sell to over 150,000 active customer accounts. The Company's products are primarily used for the repair, maintenance, remodeling and refurbishment of properties and non-industrial facilities. It generally does not serve new construction markets. The Company markets and sells its products primarily through eight distinct and targeted brands, each of which is nationally recognized in the markets it serves.
ICEN.OB Front Porch Digital Inc. offers a comprehensive, integrated suite of digital media solutions that facilitate the capture, management and distribution of digital content. The Company's DIVArchive (Distributed Intelligent Versatile Archive) and BitScream applications provide the essential integration layer within the digital broadcast environment. These products deliver encoding, transcoding, indexing, archive storage management and search and also meet mission-critical standards for interoperability, scalability, functionality, reliability and performance. By integrating BitScream and the DIVArchive storage manager, the Company has created a digital media archive workflow system called Video Archive System Technology (VAST).
SOLD HouseValues, Inc. provides a service offering that enables residential real estate agents to capture and cultivate leads, and convert these leads into closed transactions. The Company's integrated offering provides agents with leads generated from its HouseValues.com and JustListed.com Websites, together with its online prospect management system and personalized coaching and training, to help them increase lead conversion. The Company uses direct-response advertising, including television, Internet and other media, to drive consumers to its HouseValues.com and JustListed.com Websites. It offers prospective home sellers free estimates from local agent customers of their homes' current market value and offer prospective homebuyers listings of homes from local agent customers that meet their buying criteria as they reach the market. This information helps consumers make a more informed decision before buying or selling a home.
HTLJ.OB Heartland, Inc., formerly International Wireless, Inc., is in the business of developing visual intelligence software solutions for wireless and mobile devices as a result of its acquisition of Mitigo, Inc. in January 2002. The Company's software decodes barcodes and other visual symbols in mobile handsets and personal data assistants (PDAs) that have integrated digital cameras. This capability enables mobile devices to conduct rapid mobile transactions and pinpoint navigation to multimedia content and information. Mitigo plans to license its client software to device manufacturers, including producers of mobile handsets, PDAs and other devices.
GVIS.OB GVI Security Solutions, Inc., through its subsidiary, GVI Security, Inc., provides video surveillance and security solutions to the professional, homeland security, retail and business-to-business security markets. GVI Security Solutions is a distributor of video surveillance products for Samsung Electronics in North, Central and South America. It also distributes other security products, such as digital recording, software systems and networking products. GVI Security Solutions' customers include retail outlets, such as warehouse clubs, mass-market retailers and specialty electronics stores, as well as distributors and system integrators that specialize in video surveillance and security products and services. Effective April 12, 2004, the Company changed its name from Thinking Tools, Inc. to GVI Security Solutions, Inc.
WOLF Great Wolf Resorts, Inc. is a family entertainment resort company that provides its guests with a high-quality vacation at an affordable price. It is the owner, operator and developer of drive-to family resorts featuring indoor waterparks and other family-oriented entertainment activities in the United States. The Company provides a full-service entertainment resort experience to its target customer base, families with children ranging in ages from two to 14 years old that live within a convenient driving distance from its resorts. The Company's resorts provide a consistent and comfortable environment throughout the year where its guests can enjoy various amenities and activities. Great Wolf Resorts is a fully integrated resort company with in-house expertise and resources in resort and indoor waterpark development, management, marketing and financing.
FSTF First State Financial Corporation is a Florida-based bank holding company, whose business is conducted through its subsidiary, First State Bank, Sarasota, Florida. First State Bank is a full-service commercial bank that offers a complete range of interest-bearing and non-interest bearing accounts, including commercial and retail checking accounts, money market accounts, individual retirement accounts, regular interest-bearing statement savings accounts and certificates of deposit. Lending products include commercial loans, real estate loans, home equity loans and consumer/installment loans. In addition, First State Bank provides travelers' checks, cashiers checks, safe deposit boxes, bank by mail services, direct deposit, online banking and automated teller services. Specialized services to commercial customers include cash management, expanded online banking, lock box and door-to-door banking.
FMP Feldman Mall Properties, Inc. (FMP) acquires, renovates and repositions enclosed retail shopping malls. It aims to acquire underperforming malls and transform them into attractive and profitable malls through renovation and re-tenanting efforts. The Company's predecessor is near completion of two mall renovation and repositioning projects for the Harrisburg Mall in the Harrisburg, Pennsylvania, area and the Foothills Mall in the Tucson, Arizona, area. In September 2004, FMP entered into a binding agreement to acquire Colonie Center, a super-regional mall in the Albany, New York, area. The Company has acquired Stratford Square Mall, a 1.3-million-square-foot mall in Bloomingdale, Illinois. Following the closing of Colonie Center in 2005, FMP will own four regional malls consisting of approximately 4.1 million square feet, including non-owned anchor tenants, and will conduct substantially all of its business through its operating partnership, Feldman Equities Operating Partnership, LP.
EPHC.OB Epoch Holding Corp, formerly J Net Enterprises, Inc., is primarily engaged in investment advisory and investment management services through Epoch Investment Partners, Inc. (Epoch), its wholly owned subsidiary. On June 2, 2004, J Net completed an acquisition of Epoch, which for accounting purposes were treated as a reverse acquisition. Epoch, a registered investment advisor under the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, manages investment assets for mutual funds, endowments, foundations and high-networth individuals. J Net is a holding company conducting operations through a wholly owned enterprise software subsidiary, IW Holdings, Inc. (IWH). IWH is a provider of integrated enterprise commerce software solutions. In September 2004, a sale of IWH's assets to the management of IWH was completed. The Company disposed of IWH and activities directly related to disposal of those operations were underway, the operations of IWH were classified as discontinued operations.
CONR Conor Medsystems, Inc. (Conor Medsystems) develops controlled vascular drug delivery technologies. It has initially focused on the development of drug eluting stents to treat coronary artery disease. Stents are tubular mesh devices consisting of interconnected metal struts that are inserted inside an artery to act as scaffolding, propping open a narrowed blood vessel. The Company's stents have been specifically designed for vascular drug delivery, in contrast to existing drug eluting stents, which are conventional bare metal stents coated with a drug and polymer. Its stents incorporate hundreds of small holes, each acting as a reservoir into which the Company can load a drug-polymer composition. The Company's clinical efforts are focused on the development and commercialization of its COSTAR stent, which is a cobalt chromium paclitaxel eluting stent, for the treatment of restenosis, or the re-narrowing of the inner channel of the artery following balloon angioplasty.
CHCI Comstock Homebuilding Companies, Inc. is a production home builder that develops, builds and markets single-family homes, townhouses and condominiums. It operates in the Washington, D.C. and Raleigh, North Carolina, markets where it targets a diverse range of buyers, including first-time, early move-up, secondary move-up, empty nester move-down and active adult home buyers. Over the past several years the Company has expanded its business model to include the development of land for its home building operations as a complement to the purchase of finished building lots developed by others. Comstock Homebuilding Companies, Inc. integrates the process of building a home by carefully controlling each phase of the process from land acquisition to the construction, marketing and sale of a home.
CBON Community Bancorp is a bank-holding company for Community Bank of Nevada (the Bank), a Nevada-chartered bank. It delivers a complete array of commercial bank products and services with an emphasis on customer relationships and personalized service. The Company operates in Clark County, Nevada, which includes the cities of Las Vegas, North Las Vegas and Henderson. The Company focuses its lending activities on commercial real estate loans, construction loans, and land acquisition and development loans, which comprised 76% of its loan portfolio at September 30, 2004. The Company also provides commercial and industrial (C&amp;I) loans, and small business administration (SBA) loans. On the deposit side, the Bank has focused on attracting low-cost core deposits, with particular emphasis on growing its non-interest bearing demand deposits. It has five full-service branches, four located in Las Vegas and one located in Henderson.
CSCD Cascade Microtech, Inc. (Cascade) is a developer, manufacturer, and seller of wafer probing solutions used to test and measure complex semiconductors in wafer form in both design and production environments. Customers use the Company's solutions to develop and test advanced integrated circuits and optoelectronic devices, or chips, for a broad range of communications, consumer electronics and computing products. Cascade sells production probe cards, analytical probes, and probe stations. Probe stations manually or automatically align wafers to probe cards or probes to electrically connect test equipment to each chip on a wafer, allowing a variety of electrical and optical, or lightwave, measurements to be taken. The Company designs, manufactures, and sells three product lines: production probe cards, analytical probes and probe stations.
OLED Cambridge Display Technology, Inc. (CDT) is engaged in the development of polymer organic light emitting diodes (P-OLEDs) and their use in next-generation flat panel displays (FPD) and other applications. P-OLEDs are part of the family of organic light emitting diodes (OLEDs), which are thin, lightweight and power efficient devices that emit light when an electric voltage is applied. CDT's P-OLEDs offer an enhanced visual experience and superior performance characteristics compared to other FPD technologies, such as liquid crystal display (LCD).
CABG CABG Medical, Inc. is a developmental-stage medical technology company seeking to improve the treatment of coronary heart disease (CHD) by advancing conventional bypass surgery. The Company has designed its first product, the Holly Graft System. The Holly Graft System has not received regulatory approval for sale anywhere in the world and will not be commercially available for several years, if ever. The Company's technology is intended to obviate the need for vessel harvesting surgery.
BXC BlueLinx Holdings Inc. is a distributor of building products. The Company operates in all of the major metropolitan areas in the United States and distributes over 10,000 products to more than 11,700 customers through its network of 63 warehouses. BlueLinx Holdings distributes products in two principal categories: structural products and specialty products. Structural products, which represented approximately 55% of its net sales for the fiscal year ended January 3, 2004 (fiscal 2003), include plywood, oriented strand board (OSB), lumber and other wood products primarily used for structural support, walls and flooring in residential construction projects. Specialty products, which represented approximately 45% of fiscal 2003 net sales, include roofing, insulation, moulding, engineered wood products, vinyl products (used primarily in siding) and metal products.
BBG Bill Barrett Corporation is an independent oil and gas company focused on natural gas exploration and development in the Rocky Mountain region. The Company has exploration and development projects in nine basins: the Piceance, Wind River, Uinta, Powder River, Williston, Green River, Denver-Julesburg (DJ), Paradox and Big Horn Basins. The Company is active in 22 exploration projects and holds over 650,000 net undeveloped leasehold acres and has 17 active exploration projects. As of December 31, 2003, its estimated net proved reserves were 204 billions of cubic feet equivalent (Bcfe), of which approximately 89% were natural gas. In September 2004, the Company produced 89 millions of cubic feet equivalent per day (MMcfe/d), of which approximately 90% was natural gas.
ADNWE.OB Auto Data Network, Inc. (ADN) is a group of companies that provide software products and services to the automotive industry. The Company's primary market is automotive dealerships, of which there are approximately 78,000 in North America and 92,000 in Europe. ADN offers a suite of software products that provides an integrated solution to all operational aspects of an automotive dealership. The suite of software is easily deployed and provides solutions to areas of a dealership business, such as aftermarket and finance, which generate 48% of a dealership's profits from 12% of overall revenues, and 35% of profits from 2% of revenues, respectively. In August 2004, Auto Data Network Inc. acquired California-based CarParts Technologies, Inc., a provider of e-commerce-enabled software systems to the North American automotive aftermarket supply chain.
ARBX Arbinet-thexchange, Inc. is an electronic market for trading, routing and settling communications capacity. Members of the exchange consist primarily of communications service providers, anonymously buy and sell voice calls and Internet capacity based on route quality and price through its centralized, efficient and liquid marketplace. Members place orders through its Web-based interface. The fully automated, highly scalable trading platform matches these orders, using its software and delivers them through its facilities. The Company invoices and processes payments for its members' transactions and manage the credit risk of buyers primarily through its credit management programs with third parties.
ACKBF.OB Anthony Clark International Insurance Brokers Limited, incorporated in June 1993, is engaged in the insurance business as a general insurance brokerage which employs insurance brokers to act on behalf of its customers in seeking to place general insurance coverage comprising property and casualty insurance with any number of insurance companies. Since inception, the Company has focused its efforts in Canada and all of its acquisitions to acquire other general insurance brokerages have been in the Province of Alberta, Canada. Anthony Clark is expanding its acquisition strategy to other jurisdictions in Canada and the United States. In Canada it conducts its business through Anthony Clark International Insurance Brokers Ltd. and Heritage Hill Insurance Ltd., a wholly owned operating subsidiary of the Company. In the United States it conducts its business through Addison York Insurance Brokers Ltd., a wholly owned Delaware subsidiary of the Company.
ARS Aleris International Inc., formerly IMCO Recycling Inc., is a recycler of aluminum and zinc, with total processing capacity of approximately 4.1 billion pounds as of December 31, 2003. Its manufacturing and distribution network consists of 26 production plants of which 21 are located in the United States, two in Germany and one each in Brazil, Mexico and Wales. The Company's aluminum production network includes a domestic recycling division, a domestic specialty alloys division and an international division that represent 48%, 21% and 23%, respectively, of overall capacity. The Company's zinc division that represents 8% of its overall capacity includes facilities dedicated to the production of zinc oxide, zinc dust and zinc metal. For the year ended December 31, 2003, The Company processed three billion pounds of aluminum and zinc. In December 2004, the Company and Commonwealth Industries, Inc. merged. The combined company has changed its name to Aleris International, Inc.
AEA Advance America, Cash Advance Centers, Inc. is a provider of payday cash advance services in the United States. Payday cash advances are small-denomination, short-term, unsecured advances that are typically due on the customer's next payday. The Company provides these services primarily to middle-income working individuals. The Company does not franchise any of its payday cash advance centers. It focuses exclusively on payday cash advance services and do not provide check cashing, pawn lending, title lending or wire transfer or similar services. As of September 30, 2004, it operated 2,290 payday cash advance centers in 34 states. During the year ended December 31, 2003, the Company opened 330 new payday cash advance centers in 30 states.
ADZA Adeza Biomedical Corporation (Adeza) designs, develops, manufactures and markets products for women's health. The Company's initial focus is on reproductive healthcare, using its own technologies to predict preterm birth and assess infertility. Its principal product is a diagnostic test, the Fetal Fibronectin Test that utilizes a single-use, disposable cassette and is analyzed on Adeza's instrument, the TLiIQ System. This product is approved by the United States Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for broad use in assessing the risk of preterm birth. Its Fetal Fibronectin Test is designed to objectively determine a woman's risk of preterm birth by detecting the presence of a specific protein, fetal fibronectin, in vaginal secretions during pregnancy. Testing for fetal fibronectin during pregnancy provides a more accurate assessment of the likelihood of a preterm birth than traditional methods.
WRES Warren Resources, Inc. (Warren) is an independent energy company engaged in the exploration and development of domestic onshore natural gas and oil reserves. It focuses its efforts primarily on the exploration and development of coalbed methane (CBM) properties located in the Rocky Mountain region and on its waterflood oil recovery program in the Wilmington Townlot Unit (Wilmington unit), in the Wilmington field within the Los Angeles Basin of California. The CBM operations are located in two core areas: the Washakie Basin, which comprises approximately the southeast one-third of the Greater Green River Basin in southwestern Wyoming, and the Powder River Basin in northeastern Wyoming. As of September 30, 2004, Warren owned natural gas and oil leasehold interests in approximately 267,954 gross (148,568 net) acres, 95% of which were undeveloped.
TRY-B Triarc Companies, Inc. is a holding company, and, through its subsidiaries, the franchisor of the Arby's restaurant system. Arby's, Inc. (Arby's), which does business, as Triarc Restaurant Group, through its subsidiaries, is the franchisor of the Arby's restaurant system. Arby's is a restaurant franchising system specializing in the roast beef sandwich segment of the quick service restaurant industry. The Company-owned Arby's restaurants are operated through its subsidiary Sybra, Inc., which the Company acquired in December 2002. There are over 3,400 Arby's restaurants in the United States and Canada, and, as of December 28, 2003, there were 236 Company-owned Arby's restaurants. In addition, there were 3,214 Arby's restaurants owned and operated by 475 franchisees, of which 3,067 were being operated within the United States and the remaining 147 outside of the United States.
NCTY The9 Limited is an online game operator and developer in China. The Company began to offer its self-developed online virtual community game the9 City in 2000 and commercialized the9 City in December 2000. The business is primarily focused on operating MU in China through 9Webzen. MU is a three-dimensional (3D) massively multiplayer online role playing game (MMORPG) that allows thousands of players to concurrently log on to network servers to role-play characters in a virtual world. The Company offers engaging online games, including MMORPGs and its self-developed online community game the9 City. It's other products and services include game operating support, Website solutions and advertisement services and short messaging services (SMS). The Company has exclusive licenses to operate four MMORPGs in China: MU, World of Warcraft (WoW), Mystina Online and Granado Espada.
SMV-A Smedvig ASA is an offshore drilling contractor that owns and operates a fleet of drilling units designed for offshore oil and gas exploration and development and equipped for operations in harsh environments. The activities are located in the Norwegian sector of the North Sea and in Southeast Asia, offshore Thailand, Brunei and Malaysia. During the year ended December 31, 2003, Smedvig's mobile drilling rig fleet consisted of two semi-submersible drilling rigs, West Alpha and West Venture; one deepwater drillship, West Navigator, and one ultra-large jack-up rig, West Epsilon. It also provides platform drilling services, well services and well maintenance services on fixed platforms in the Norwegian sector of the North Sea. It operates self-erecting tender rigs in Southeast Asia, and its tender rig fleet consists of 12 units owned by Smedvig, including four semi-submersible tender rigs. Subsidiaries are Smedvig Rig AS, Smedvig Offshore AS, AS Smedvig Prodrill and Smedvig Asia Ltd.
SQA-A Sequa Corporation is a diversified industrial company that manufactures a range of products through operating units in five business segments: Aerospace, Automotive, Metal Coating, Specialty Chemicals and Other Products. The Aerospace segment consists solely of Sequa's largest operating unit, Chromalloy Gas Turbine Corporation. The Automotive segment consists of two businesses: Atlantic Research Corporation's Automotive Products operation (ARC Automotive) and Casco Products. The Metal Coating segment consists solely of Precoat Metals, which applies protective and decorative coatings to continuous steel and aluminum coil. The Specialty Chemicals segment is composed solely of Warwick International Group Limited, which is a producer and supplier of TAED. The Other Products' segment consists of three businesses: MEGTEC Systems, Inc., Sequa Can Machinery, Inc. and After Six, Inc. In November 2004, the Company divested its Sequa Can Machinery operation to Stolle Machinery Company, LLC.
SCR-A Sea Containers Ltd. (SCL) is engaged in four main businesses. The first is ferry operations mainly involving passenger and vehicle ferry services in the northern Baltic Sea, English Channel and Irish Sea. The second is passenger rail services in Britain between London and Scotland. The third is the leasing of cargo containers, principally through the Company's GE SeaCo SRL joint venture (GE SeaCo) with General Electric Capital Corporation (GE Capital), to a customer base of liner ship operators and others throughout the world, and the manufacture and repair of container equipment. The fourth business is ownership and/or part ownership and management of hotels, restaurants, tourist trains and river cruiseships located throughout the world, through Orient-Express Hotels Ltd. (OEH), an unconsolidated company in which SCL owns a 42% equity interest. In addition, the Company engages in property development, perishable commodity production and trading, and publishing.
PRVH.OB Providential Holdings, Inc. (PHI) is a diversified holding company that focuses on technologies, financial services, international markets and special situations. PHI's products and services include liquid crystal displays (LCDs), mobile entertainment systems, information technology, identification technology, infrastructure development, telecommunications, and computer hardware and software. In addition, the Company is engaged in trade commerce and mergers and acquisitions (M&amp;A) in the United States and overseas markets.
PGS Petroleum Geo-Services ASA (PGS) is a technologically focused oilfield service company principally involved in providing geophysical services worldwide, as well as providing floating production services in the North Sea. PGS globally provides a broad range of geophysical and reservoir services, including seismic data acquisition, processing and interpretation and field evaluation. In the North Sea, it owns and operates four floating production, storage and offloading units. PGS also owns a small oil and natural gas company that produces oil and natural gas from a license on the Norwegian Continental Shelf. In February 2003, PGS sold Atlantis oil and natural gas subsidiary to China National Chemicals Import and Export Corporation (Sinochem). In December 2003, it sold its non-strategic software subsidiary, PGS Tigress (UK) Ltd. In July 2003, PGS voluntarily filed a petition for protection under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code. In November 2003, it emerged from bankruptcy.
ONH Orion HealthCorp, Inc., formerly SurgiCare, Inc., is a healthcare services organization providing complementary business management services to physicians through three wholly owned subsidiaries: SurgiCare, Inc., serving the freestanding ambulatory surgery center market; Integrated Physician Solutions, providing business services to pediatric practices and technology solutions to general and specialized medical practices, and Medical Billing Services, providing physician billing and collection services and practice management solutions to hospital-based physicians. The Company has corporate offices in Atlanta and Houston.
OSHC Ocean Shore Holding Co. (Ocean Shore) is the federally chartered savings and loan holding company for Ocean City Home Bank (the Bank). Ocean Shore's business activity is the ownership of the outstanding capital stock of the Bank. Ocean Shore does not own or lease any property, but instead uses the premises, equipment and other property of the Bank with the payment of appropriate rental fees, as required by applicable law and regulations, under the terms of an expense allocation agreement. Ocean Shore acquires or organizes other operating subsidiaries. The Company operates as a community-oriented financial institution offering a wide range of financial services to consumers and businesses in the market area. It attracts deposits from the general public, small businesses and municipalities, and uses those funds to originate real estate loans, small commercial loans and consumer loans, which it holds primarily for investment.
NMG-A The Neiman Marcus Group, Inc. is a high-end specialty retailer operating principally through specialty retail stores (Specialty Retail Stores), consisting of 35 Neiman Marcus stores, two Bergdorf Goodman stores and 14 clearance centers and through Neiman Marcus Direct, the Company's direct marketing operation. The Neiman Marcus stores are located in retail locations in major markets nationwide and the Bergdorf Goodman stores are in New York City. Both Neiman Marcus and Bergdorf Goodman stores offer high-end fashion apparel and accessories, primarily from designers. The Company owns a 51% interest in Gurwitch Products, LLC, which distributes and markets the Laura Mercier cosmetic line, and a 56% interest in Kate Spade LLC, a manufacturer and retailer of high-end designer handbags and accessories. In November 2004, the Company sold its Chef's Catalog direct marketing business to Pikes Peak Direct Marketing Inc.
MOG-A Moog Inc. is a worldwide designer and manufacturer of precision motion and fluid controls and control systems. It operates in four principal business segments: aircraft controls, space and defense controls, industrial controls and components. The components segment (Moog Components Group) is the result of the acquisition of the Poly-Scientific division of Litton Systems, Inc., a subsidiary of Northrop Grumman Corporation. The aircraft controls segment designs, manufactures and integrates primary and secondary flight controls for military and commercial aircraft. The space and defense controls segment manufactures and integrates chemical and electric propulsion systems and space flight motion controls. The industrial controls segment designs, manufactures and integrates systems for all axes of injection and blow-molding machines using both hydraulic and electric technology. The components segment has three product categories: slip rings, fiber-optic rotary joints and motors.
MFNC Mackinac Financial Corporation is a holding company for its wholly owned subsidiary North Country Bank and Trust (the Bank). The Company and its subsidiary Bank are engaged in a single industry segment, commercial banking, including commercial and retail banking activities along with other permitted activities closely related to banking. Mackinac Financial Corporation has 14 branch offices located in the Upper Peninsula of Michigan and eight branch offices located in Michigan's Lower Peninsula. The Bank maintains offices in Alger, Antrim, Charlevoix, Chippewa, Delta, Dickinson, Emmet, Grand Traverse, Houghton, Luce, Manistee, Marquette, Menominee, Ontonagon, Otsego, Schoolcraft and Wexford counties.Mackinac Financial Corporation provides drive-in convenience at 17 branch locations and has automated teller machines operating at 12 locations.
KV-A K-V Pharmaceutical Company is an integrated specialty pharmaceutical company that develops, acquires, manufactures and markets technologically distinguished branded and generic-non-branded prescription pharmaceutical products. The Company has a range of dosage form capabilities, including tablets, capsules, creams, liquids and ointments. It conducts its branded pharmaceutical operations through Ther-Rx and its generic-non-branded pharmaceutical operations through ETHEX. Through Particle Dynamics, the Company also develops, manufactures and markets technologically advanced, value-added raw material products for the pharmaceutical, nutritional, personal care, food and other markets.
JW-A John Wiley &amp; Sons, Inc. (John Wiley) is a global publisher of print and electronic products, providing must-have content and services to customers worldwide. The Company's businesses include professional and consumer books and subscription services; scientific, technical and medical journals, encyclopedias, books, as well as online products and services, and educational materials, including course management and study guides for undergraduate and graduate students, teachers and lifelong learners. The Company has publishing, marketing and distribution centers in the United States, Canada, Europe, Asia and Australia. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2004, (fiscal 2004), the sales outside the United States accounted for approximately 39% of the Company's revenue.
ITEC.OB Itec Environmental Group, Inc (formerly Beechport Capital Corp.) develops and commercializes technologies that are economically and environmentally sound. The Company has developed a cleaning system utilizing liquid carbon dioxide for cleaning recyclable plastic, oil and pesticide containers called the ECO2 Environmental System. Itec has one wholly owned subsidiary, ECO2 Environmental Systems (collectively referred to as The Company or Itec). ECO2 Environmental Systems, Inc. only activities to date have been the application and receipt of the trademark ECO2.
MT Mittal Steel Company N.V., formerly Ispat International N.V. is a holding company engaged in the production and distribution of a range of finished and semi-finished steel products. The Company conducts its business primarily through its principal subsidiaries operating in six countries. Its products include hot-rolled sheet, cold-rolled, electro-galvanized and coated steels, bars, wire rods, wire products, pipes, billets and slabs. The Company's plants manufacture steel products of different specifications, which are sold to customers for use in a number of high-end applications. In 2003, the Company shipped approximately 15 million tons of steel products to customers in approximately 85 countries, with its principal markets located in North America and Europe. Approximately 90% of its sales revenue in 2003 were generated from shipments to participating countries of NAFTA (North American Free Trade Agreement) and the European Union.
IOTN Ionatron, Inc. develops and markets directed energy weapon technology products initially for sale to the United States Government. The Company and the United States Government have entered into several contracts for products and services, as well as Cooperative Research and Development Agreements for joint research on Laser Induced Plasma Channel (LIPC)-based directed energy weapons. It is a technology company working under contracts with agencies of the United States Government concerned with national security that has developed and demonstrated, in its laboratory, an internally developed, directed energy weapon technology, LIPC. Its technology controls and directs electrical energy down a laser-created plasma channel to a specific target. During the fiscal years ended June 30, 2003 and 2002, the Company engaged in research and development and business development activities.
IMPC IMPAC Medical Systems, Inc. provides information technology (IT) systems for cancer care. The Company's products provide electronic medical record, imaging, decision support, scheduling and billing applications in an integrated platform to manage the information-related complexities of cancer care, from detection and diagnosis through treatment and follow-up. Cancer centers require specialized IT to administer complex treatments, to integrate advanced medical devices, to provide data aggregation and to meet reporting requirements. In addition to satisfying these needs, the Company's systems also improve the delivery of cancer care by enhancing patient safety, enabling advanced therapies, streamlining process management and facilitating communications. IMPAC markets and sells its systems to university teaching hospitals, community and government hospitals, freestanding cancer centers and private practices.
IDT-C IDT Corporation is a multinational telecommunications and entertainment company. Its primary telecommunications offerings are prepaid debit and rechargeable calling cards, wholesale carrier services and consumer local and long distance phone services. Its entertainment business is comprised of complementary operations and investments that enable the Company to acquire, develop, finance and produce animated entertainment programming and to distribute home entertainment content to the mass market. In addition, it operates various media-related businesses, including brochure distribution and radio operations. The Company conducts its business primarily through four operating divisions: IDT Telecom, IDT Entertainment, IDT Capital and voice over Internet protocol (VoIP).
HUB-B Hubbell Incorporated manufactures and sells electrical and electronic products for a range of commercial, industrial, telecommunications, utility and residential applications. The Company's products are manufactured or assembled by subsidiaries in the United States, Canada, Switzerland, Puerto Rico, Mexico, Italy and the United Kingdom. Hubbell also participates in a joint venture in Taiwan, and maintains sales offices in Singapore, the People's Republic of China, Mexico, Hong Kong, South Korea and the Middle East. The Company's operations are classified into three segments: Electrical, Power and Industrial Technology.
HLF Herbalife Ltd. (Herbalife) is a global network marketing company that sells weight management, nutritional supplement and personal care products. It sells its products in 59 countries through a network of over one million independent distributors. The Company markets and sells 126 products encompassing over 3,100 stock keeping units (SKUs) through its distributors and has approximately 1,600 trademarks globally. The Company offers products in three principal categories: weight management, nutritional supplements (inner nutrition) and personal care (Outer Nutrition). The products are often sold in programs, which are comprised of a series of related products designed to simplify weight management and nutrition for its consumers and maximize the distributors' cross-selling opportunities. The Company also sells literature and promotional materials designed to support its distributors' marketing efforts.
HEIIE HEI, Inc. (Hybrid Electronics Inc.) provides a range of engineering, product design, automation and test, manufacturing and fulfillment services and solutions to its customers in the hearing, medical device, medical equipment, communications, computing and industrial equipment industries. The Company provides these services and solutions on a global basis through four integrated facilities in North America. The Link-it connectivity solution uses flex circuitry, circuit board assembly, radio frequency (RF), software code and engineering services developed and delivered by its different internal capabilities. All of the Company's facilities are ISO 9001: 2000 certified.
GTN-A Gray Television, Inc. owns 29 television stations serving 25 television markets. Fifteen of the stations are affiliated with CBS Inc., seven are affiliated with National Broadcasting Company, Inc. (NBC) and seven are affiliated with the American Broadcasting Company (ABC). The combined television station group reaches approximately 5.3% of total United States television households. The Company also owns and operates four daily newspapers, three located in Georgia and one in Goshen, Indiana, with a total daily circulation of over 126,000 subscribers.
GACF.OB Global Aircraft Solutions Inc, formerly Renegade Venture Corporation (NEV) through its wholly owned subsidiary, Hamilton Aerospace Technologies Inc. (HAT), is a provider of large aircraft maintenance, repair, overhaul and modification (MROM) services to owners and operators of certain transport category commercial jet aircraft. Its customers are all aircraft operators, including passenger and cargo air carriers, and aircraft leasing companies. HAT is a repair station licensed by the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and by the Joint Aviation Authority of the European Economic Community (JAA). Its MROM services include maintenance, repair, overhaul and modification services for narrow body transport category aircraft, repair and overhaul services on a wide range of aircraft components and aircraft interiors, and servicing of Pratt &amp; Whitney JT8D and General Electric CFM56 engines.
FCE-A Forest City Enterprises, Inc. is principally engaged in the ownership, development, management and acquisition of commercial and residential real estate properties in 20 states and the District of Columbia. The Company operates through four business units: Commercial Group, Residential Group, Land Development Group and Lumber Trading Group. The Company has centralized the capital management, financial reporting and administrative functions of its business units. In other respects the strategic business units operate autonomously, with the Commercial Group and Residential Group each having its own development, acquisition, leasing, property and financial management functions.
FAMEC Flamemaster Corporation, develops, manufactures, and sells coatings and sealants. The Company also receives royalties from other manufacturers who produce certain of its products under license. The Company produces sealants utilized in the manufacture of aircraft and land transportation vehicles. In addition, Flamemaster produces flame-retardant coatings and high-heat resistant coatings. Flamemaster's sealant product line is sold to large and small manufacturers, distributors, airlines and the United States Government.
EWST Energy West, Incorporated is a regulated public utility with certain non-utility operations conducted through its subsidiaries. The Company has four business segments: natural gas operations, propane operations, Energy West Resources, Inc. (EWR) and pipeline operations. Natural Gas operations distribute natural gas through regulated utilities. Propane operations distribute propane to through regulated utilities operating underground vapor systems in and around Payson, Pine and Strawberry, Arizona. Non-regulated operations include retail distribution of bulk propane. Energy West Resources, Inc. (EWR) markets approximately three billion cubic feet (BCF) of natural gas to commercial and industrial customers in Montana and Wyoming, and manages midstream supply and production assets for transportation customers and utilities. Pipeline operations (Energy West Development, Inc. (EWD)) owns the Shoshone interstate and the Glacier gathering pipeline assets located in Montana and Wyoming.
AKO-A Embotelladora Andina S.A. is a producer of soft drinks in Chile, Brazil and Argentina. The Company's principal business is the production and distribution of Coca-Cola soft drinks, which accounted for 86.6% of net sales during the year ended December 31, 2003. Andina is the producer and distributor of Coca-Cola soft drinks in Chile. Through its subsidiary, Rio de Janeiro Refrescos Ltda., Andina is the producer and distributor of Coca-Cola soft drinks in Brazil. Through another subsidiary, Embotelladora del Atlantico S.A. (Edasa), the Company is the producer of Coca-Cola soft drinks in Argentina. In addition, through its subsidiary, Vital S.A., Andina produces and distributes fruit juices, other fruit-flavored beverages and mineral water in Chile. The Company also manufactures polyethylene perephtalate bottles, primarily for its own use in the packaging of Coca-Cola soft drinks in Chile and Argentina. In Brazil, Andina distributes Kaiser brand beers.
EGLF.OB Element 21 Golf Co, formerly BRL Holdings, Inc., operates through its subsidiary, Element 21 Golf Company, which was acquired on October 3, 2002. Element 21 was formed to acquire partially developed golf technology and to design, develop and market scandium alloy golf club shafts and golf heads. When mixed with aluminum, scandium alloys are believed to exhibit properties that outperform titanium with a higher strength to weight ratio of up to 25% and a specific density advantage of 55%. Scandium alloys are simply lighter, stronger and more cost effective than titanium. This advanced metal technology was originally developed in the former Soviet Union for military applications during the 1980s. Scandium alloys have been used in intercontinental ballistic missiles, jet aircraft, the Mir space station and in the International Space Station. The Company intends to commercialize Scandium's use in golf shafts and golf heads.
DYTK.OB DynTek, Inc. is a professional services firm that specializes in information technology (IT) solutions and business process outsource services for state and local government agencies through its sole active subsidiary, DynTek Services, Inc. The Company provides IT support services and enabling technologies, as well as related products, to state and local government customers. The Company's comprehensive IT services includes security consulting, infrastructure planning and deployment, information technology application development, legacy systems integration, information technology system support and business process outsourcing services for state and local government agencies. The Company conducts its operations in two segments, Information Technology Services and Business Process Outsourcing Services.
CRD-B Crawford and Company is an independent provider of claims management solutions to insurance companies and self-insured entities, with a global network of more than 700 offices in 67 countries. Major service lines include workers' compensation claims administration and healthcare management services, property and casualty claims management, class action services and risk management information services. The major elements of United States claims management services are Initial Loss Reporting, Investigation, Evaluation, Disposition and Subrogation. Expanded services include Information Services, Management, Auditing Services, Managed Care Services, Vocational Services, Medical Case Management Services and Long-Term Care. The major elements of class action services are Administration and Inspection. Additional risk management and other services is comprised of Risk Sciences Group, Inc., The PRISM Network, Inc. and Education Services.
CEEC.OB Discovery Investments, Inc. has no revenues or earnings from operations and no significant assets or financial resources as of December 31, 2003. Accordingly, the Company is seeking to either identify a suitable business opportunity or enter into a suitable business combination. Until it secures a suitable business opportunity or combination, it will operate as a shell check company. Discovery Investments may seek a business opportunity with entities that have recently commenced operations, or which wish to utilize the public marketplace in order to raise additional capital in order to expand into new products or markets, to develop a new product or service, or for other corporate purposes.
BF-B Brown-Forman Corporation is a diversified producer and marketer of consumer products. The Company consists of two business segments: Beverages and Consumer Durables. The Beverage segment includes both wine and spirits brands, which are produced, marketed and sold on a global basis. Approximately two-thirds of the segment's sales are generated in the United States, which is the Company's largest market. The Consumer Durables segment includes tabletop, collectibles and luggage products marketed under the Lenox, Dansk, Gorham, Kirk Stieff and Hartmann brand names. The sales are derived from three primary channels: department stores; Company-owned retail outlet stores, and direct-to-the-consumer through catalogs, direct mail and the Internet. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Beverage segment generated approximately 96% and the Consumer Durables segment generated the remaining 4% of the Company's total operating income.
BNSIA.OB BNS Holdings Inc. formerly BNS Co. is a real estate management company deriving royalty revenues from an owned gravel extraction and landfill property in the United Kingdom. The United Kingdom property consists of approximately 86.5 acres of land adjacent to the Heathrow airport. Subsequent to December 31, 2003, BNS entered into an agreement to sell its real estate holdings in the United Kingdom. The transaction is subject to satisfaction of specified closing conditions. On August 26, 2003, pursuant to a Purchase and Sales Agreement dated as of April 28, 2003, as amended, between BNS and Wasserman RE Ventures LLC, the Company sold the North Kingstown property, which consisted of an industrial and office building along with the adjoining acreage (a total of approximately 169 acres, all in Rhode Island).
BRK-A Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is a holding company that owns subsidiaries engaged in both primary insurance and reinsurance of property and casualty risks. The Company also reinsures life and health risks. In primary insurance activities, Berkshire subsidiaries assume defined portions of the risks of loss from persons or organizations that are directly subject to the risks. In reinsurance activities, Berkshire subsidiaries assume defined portions of similar or dissimilar risks that other insurers or reinsurers have subjected themselves to in their own insuring activities. Berkshire's principal insurance businesses are GEICO, General Re, Berkshire Hathaway Reinsurance Group and Berkshire Hathaway Primary Group. Through its other subsidiaries, Berkshire is engaged in a variety of non-insurance businesses, including operations in the apparel, building products, finance and financial products, flight services and retail industries.
ANDR.OB Andrea Electronics Corporation designs, develops and manufactures microphone technologies and products for enhancing speech-based applications software and communications that require high-quality, clear voice signals. The Company's technologies eliminate unwanted background noise to enable the optimum performance of various speech-based and audio applications. Andrea's products and technologies optimize the performance of speech-based applications and audio applications in primarily these markets, personal computing (primarily for speech recognition applications and voice communication over the Internet), audio and video conferencing, in-vehicle communications (to enable untethered, hands-free communication) and call centers.
AMRE.OB AmeriResource Technologies, Inc. conducts its operations through its wholly owned subsidiaries, Jim Butler Performance (JBP) and West Texas Real Estate &amp; Resources, Inc. (WTRER). In September 2003, the Company signed a definitive stock-for-stock-like exchange agreement to acquire a 40% equity interest in 449 Corporation and WDHQ, Inc., both corporations being EagleRider franchises with four operating locations. EagleRider is the only company licensed by Harley Davidson Motor Corporation to rent Harley Davidson Motorcycles. The stock-for-stock-like exchange agreement was closed in February 2004.
ABBC Abington Community Bancorp, Inc. is the mid-tier holding company for Abington Savings Bank (the Bank). The Bank is a Pennsylvania-chartered mutual savings bank with an office in Jenkintown, Pennsylvania, as well as seven additional full-service branch offices and four limited-service banking offices located in Montgomery and Bucks counties, Pennsylvania. The Bank's business primarily consists of attracting deposits from the general public and using those funds to originate loans and invest in securities. The Bank operates as a traditional thrift relying almost exclusively on long-term, fixed-rate, single-family residential mortgage loans to generate interest income.
VIA-B Viacom Inc. is an entertainment company with operations in cable networks, television, radio, outdoor, entertainment and video. In the Cable Networks segment, the Company owns and operates advertiser-supported basic cable television program services through MTV Networks and Black Entertainment Television and subscription television program services through Showtime Networks Inc. The Television segment consists of the CBS and UPN television networks, the Company's broadcast television stations and its television production and syndication businesses. The Radio segment owns and operates 185 radio stations through Infinity Radio. The Outdoor segment, through Viacom Outdoor, displays advertising on various media. The Entertainment segment includes the operations of Paramount Pictures, Simon &amp; Schuster and Paramount Parks. The Video segment consists of the Company's equity interest in Blockbuster Inc. In December 2004,Viacom Inc. acquired SportsLine.com.
VEXEC Velocity Express Corporation, formerly known as United Shipping &amp; Technology, Inc., and its subsidiaries are engaged in the business of providing same-day transportation and distribution/logistics services to individual consumers and businesses. The Company's service offerings are divided into categories, including scheduled logistics, distribution logistics and expedited logistics. Scheduled logistics consist of the daily pick-up and delivery of parcels with narrowly defined time schedules predetermined by the customer. Distribution logistics consist of the receipt of customer bulk shipments that are divided and sorted at major metropolitan locations and delivered into multiple routes with defined endpoints and more broadly defined time schedules. Expedited logistics consists of expedited point-to-point service for customers with extremely time-sensitive delivery requirements. The Company operates primarily in the United States, with limited operations in Canada.
RURL Rural/Metro Corporation is a provider of medical transportation and related services that include emergency and non-emergency ambulance and alternative transportation services to municipal, residential, commercial and industrial customers. It also provides fire protection services and other safety and healthcare-related services that include dispatch, fleet services and home health services. The Company provides its services in approximately 400 communities in 24 states including Alabama, Kentucky, North Dakota, Texas, Arizona, Louisiana, Ohio, Washington, California, Mississippi, Oregon, Wisconsin, Colorado, Nebraska, Pennsylvania, Florida, New Jersey, South Carolina, Georgia, New Mexico, South Dakota, Indiana, New York and Tennessee. The Company provides medical transportation services under contracts with governmental entities, hospitals, healthcare facilities and other healthcare organizations.
PRSFE Portal Software, Inc. is engaged in the development, marketing, provisioning and support of billing and customer management solutions for telecommunications and information service providers. The Company's solutions are provided in the form of proprietary software and/or services, and are used by service providers to support voice, data, video and content services across wireless, wireline, cable and satellite networks. These solutions facilitate the real-time provisioning and reporting of services, including such functions as account creation, user authentication and authorization, activity tracking, pricing and rating, billing and customer service, including self-service. Portal Software's customers range from emerging small companies offering service to a small number of subscribers to large telecommunications carriers with millions of subscribers.
EPG Environmental Power Corporation serves as a holding company to its wholly owned subsidiary EPC Corporation, an independent developer and owner of electrical generating facilities powered by non-commodity fuels and renewable energy sources. The Company's power generating facilities use alternative fuels, most of which are wastes, which are generally not subject to the same cost fluctuations as traditional fuels. Its generating facilities have also been able to exceed air quality emission standards and to assist with the clean up of wastes that are sources of water pollution. The Company has partially or fully developed seven hydroelectric plants, two municipal waste projects and three waste-coal fired generating facilities. The Company operates through EPC's wholly owned subsidiaries Buzzard Power Corporation and Cogeneration Systems Inc.
BIKO.OB BICO, Inc. was engaged in the development of new devices and technologies that included environmental products, which help to clean up oil spills, procedures relating to the use of regional extracorporeal hyperthermia in the treatment of cancer, and models of a non-invasive glucose sensor. In February 2003, the Company stopped all manufacturing, research and development operations and vacated its manufacturing facility in Indiana, Pennsylvania. On March 18, 2003, the Company and Petrol Rem, Inc. filed a voluntary petition for Chapter 11 bankruptcy with the United States Bankruptcy Court for the Western District of Pennsylvania. The only business that BICO conducted, during the year ended December 31, 2003, was that related to the hyperthermia project and that concluded in October 2003, when the Company sold its interest in ViaCirq, Inc.
AGR-A Agere Systems Inc. designs, develops, manufactures and sells integrated circuit solutions for applications such as high-density storage, mobile wireless communications and enterprise and telecommunications networks. These solutions form the building blocks for a broad range of computing and communications applications. Some of the Company's solutions include related software and reference designs. Its customers include manufacturers of hard disk drives, mobile phones, high-speed communications systems and personal computers (PCs). During the fiscal year ended September 30, 2004, the Company realigned its business into operating segments that focus on four target markets: Storage, Mobility, Enterprise and Networking and Telecommunications. The Company has two reportable segments, Consumer Enterprise and Telecommunications. It also has an operations group that manages its manufacturing and supply chain activities and information technology systems.
XRGI.OB XRG, Inc. concentrates on the acquisition, consolidation and operation of short- and long-haul truckload carriers. The Company's acquisition strategy targets both asset- and non-asset-based truckload carriers in the contiguous 48 states. It seeks to acquire medium-sized truckload carriers that possess strong market positions, sound management and a commitment to a high level of quality and service. The Company's portfolio includes the following companies: RSV, Inc., Express Freight Systems, Inc., Highway Transport, Inc., Highbourne Corporation and Carolina Truck Connection, Inc.
TRIN Trinsic Inc, formerly Z-Tel Technologies, Inc. is a communications service provider. The Company provides telecommunications services to consumers, business and other communications companies by integrating its own enhanced communications systems and advanced operational support systems with access to communication networks. The Company's systems have the capability to integrate with wireline, wireless, cable, Internet and other communications transport networks. Z-Tel's generation of services relies primarily on access to local and long distance telephone networks. The Company provides services on both a retail and wholesale basis. The Company's principal retail services are Z-LineHOME, Z-LineBUSINESS and Touch 1 Long Distance. Z-LineHOME and Z-LineBUSINESS are residential and business versions, respectively, of the Company's flagship offering, the Z-Line.
SYS SYS provides engineering, technical, financial and management services to commercial and United States Government and other customers. The Company has several multiple-year management and engineering service contracts with the United States Navy and the United States Government's General Services Administration. SYS organizes its business into three divisions, consisting of Enterprise Solutions Division (ESD), Integrated Solutions Group Division (ISGD) and Systems Management and Engineering Division (SMED). During the fiscal year ended June 30, 2003, the Company started the Walk Up Systems Division, which was discontinued and wound down. In April 2004, the Company acquired Polexis, Inc., a privately held, San Diego-based provider of advanced data management software.
SLXCF.OB Stellar Pharmaceuticals Inc, formerly Stellar International Inc. develops and markets therapeutic products for the treatment of osteoarthritis and interstitial cystitis. The Company's proprietary products are based on its core polysaccharide (natural carbohydrate compounds) technology. Stellar, along with its strategic partners, intends to conduct clinical trials to obtain the required regulatory approvals for its products in foreign markets, where necessary. In Canada, Stellar has received regulatory approval for, and markets, three of its own products. NeoVisc is a sodium hyaluronate viscosupplementation therapy for the temporary replacement of synovial fluid in osteoarthritic joints. Uracyst-S Test Kit is used to diagnose glycosaminoglyvan (GAG)-deficient forms of interstitial cystitis (IC) and non-common cystitis.
RDVWF.OB RadView Software Ltd. provides application testing software and services that enable companies to evaluate and measure the performance of their business-critical Web applications. RadView's software allows companies to accelerate the development and deployment of their Web applications and enables the implementation of their strategies involving their Websites. Services consist of support and maintenance and training services, including technical support services via telephone and e-mail and product enhancements. Support and maintenance arrangements are generally purchased for 12-month terms. Training services consist of introductory and advanced courses on the use of its software products. The Company's customers are located primarily in North America, Europe, Asia-Pacific and the Middle East.
PPID.OB Prescient Applied Intelligence Inc, formerly The viaLink Company provides subscription-based, business-to-business electronic commerce services that enable companies in the consumer packaged goods and retail industries to efficiently manage their highly complex supply chain information. The Co's core service, syncLink, allows manufacturers, wholesalers, distributors, sales agencies and retailers to communicate and synchronize item, price and promotion information in a more cost-effective and accessible way than has been possible using traditional electronic and paper-based methods. It enables companies to build on the foundation of synchronized data with more advanced e-commerce practices. Its advanced services, which are all built on the syncLink foundation, include distribuLink for chain pricing data in multi-tier distribution channels, viaLink invoicing, chainLink scan sales visibility, sbtLink, the Co's scan-based trading service and promoLink scan-based promotions.
PGI Premiere Global Services, Inc., formerly Ptek Holdings, Inc., is a global provider of outsourced business communications and data services. The Company develops and markets services that facilitate and automate the critical communications and business processes of enterprise customers, and it delivers these services via a proprietary communications platform. Premiere's services are grouped into two primary segments, Conferencing &amp; Collaboration and Data Communications, and include a full suite of traditional and voice-over Internet protocol (VoIP)-based conferencing and collaboration solutions and electronic data processing and delivery services.
NWMV.OB Newmark Ventures, Inc., formerly Delta Capital and Technologies Inc., intends to act as a diversified holding company. On June 1, 1999, the Company acquired the rights to an exclusive worldwide license to the relBuildeR Enterprise Suite of business intelligent e-commerce and e-business software (the Software) from 827109 Alberta Ltd. (AltaCo). The software application included modules for e-commerce, e-project management, e-customer services, e-document assembly, e-contact management, e-business intelligence and e-back-office, as well as a core technology that models business rules and relationships.
NAPS Napster, Inc., formerly Roxio, Inc., is a provider of digital media software and services for the consumer market. It provides software that enables individuals to record digital content onto compact disc (CDs) and digital video discs (DVDs) and offers photo and video editing products. The Company's products and services allow customers to access, archive, create, customize and share digital materials in formats compatible with a number of digital entertainment devices, such as personal computers (PCs), CD and DVD players, compressed audio players and personal digital assistants. The Company operates its business in two segments and divisions: the consumer software products division, which provides a family of PC-based consumer software products that allows customers to create, manage, customize and share digital content, and the online music distribution division, Napster LLC, which provides paid online music service under the Napster brand.
CJBK Monmouth Community Bancorp serves as a holding company for Monmouth Community Bank (the Bank). The Company has no assets or liabilities other than its investment in the Bank. Monmouth Community Bank provides a range of banking services to individual and business customers located primarily in coastal Monmouth County, New Jersey. Business people and professionals are offered a range of deposit and loan products designed to satisfy their occupational and personal financial needs. In addition, Monmouth Community Bank provides an array of consumer banking services to the general public residing or working in the market area to which it serves. The Bank conducts business through six full-service branch facilities located in Long Branch, Spring Lake Heights, Little Silver, Neptune, Neptune City and Ocean Grove, New Jersey.
MNRD.OB Minrad International, Inc. is an innovator in acute care medical devices and pharmaceuticals. The company's medical device products incorporate patented real-time, image-guidance technologies that enable medical professionals to improve the accuracy of interventional procedures and provide a significant reduction in radiation exposure for both patients and medical professionals. Minrad's pharmaceutical products are generic inhalation anesthetics that are primarily used for surgical interventions. On December 16, 2004, the Company formed a reversed merger with Technology Acquisition Corp., a development-stage company.
PGIC Mikohn Gaming Corporation is a developer and marketer of technology-based products for the gaming industry. The Company's worldwide operations are concentrated in three principal business segments: Slot and Table Games that develops, acquires, licenses and distributes branded and non-branded slot and table games; Product sales that designs, develops, manufactures and distributes interior signage, progressive jackpot systems and related electronic components and special order slot games and slot game glass displays, as well as provides related support and installation services, and Systems that designs and develops electronic player tracking and game monitoring and accounting systems for slot and table games.
KNX Knight Transportation, Inc. is a dry van truckload carrier based in Phoenix, Arizona. The Company transports general commodities for shippers throughout the United States, generally focusing its operations on short to medium lengths of haul. It provides regional truckload carrier services throughout the United States from 12 facilities located in Phoenix, Arizona; Salt Lake City, Utah; Portland, Oregon; Denver, Colorado; Kansas City, Kansas; Katy, Texas; Indianapolis, Indiana; Charlotte, North Carolina; Gulfport, Mississippi; Memphis, Tennessee; Atlanta, Georgia, and Las Vegas, Nevada. Knight Transportation opened its Atlanta and Denver facilities, during 2003, and its Las Vegas facility in February 2004. The Company's services include multiple pick-ups and deliveries, dedicated equipment and personnel, on-time pickups and deliveries within narrow time frames, specialized driver training and other services tailored to meet customers' needs.
IMKTE Ingles Markets, Inc. is a supermarket chain that operates 198 supermarkets in Georgia, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia and Alabama. The Company's supermarkets offer customers a variety of food products, including grocery, meat and dairy products, produce, frozen foods and other perishables and non-food products, including health and beauty care products and general merchandise, as well as quality private label items. In addition, Ingles focuses on selling high-growth, high-margin products to its customers through the development of book sections, media centers, floral departments, bakery departments and prepared foods including delicatessen sections. During fiscal 2000, Ingles began adding fuel centers and pharmacies at select store locations. As of September 27, 2003 (fiscal year-end 2003), it operated 26 in-store pharmacies and 17 fuel centers. Ingles also operates two other lines of business, fluid dairy processing and shopping center rentals.
IFT IFT Corp., formerly Urecoats Industries Inc. operates through its two wholly owned subsidiaries: RSM Technologies, Inc. and Infiniti Products, Inc. RSM Technologies acquires, develops, markets and sells spray-applied elastomeric coatings to the waterproofing, corrosion, roofing and construction industries. Infiniti Products develops, manufactures, markets, sells and distributes coatings, paints and sealants to the construction, paint, roofing and waterproofing industries. The Company offers three series of products: RSM Series, Spectrum Series and Infiniti Series. Urecoats sales have primarily been in the Eastern United States and limited international markets. In November 2004, the Company discontinued the operations of its subsidiary, RSM Technologies, Inc.
GWRK.OB GreenWorks Corp, formerly Telco-Technology Inc., has no business operations and no representation is made, nor is any intended that the Company will be able to carry on future business activities successfully. The Company used to provide long distance telephone services and computer networks for voice and data transmissions and its operations were primarily conducted in the State of Massachusetts. There can be no assurance that it will have the ability to acquire or merge with an operating business, business opportunity or property that will be of material value to the Company. It will not restrict its search to any specific geographical location and the Company may participate in a business venture of virtually any kind or nature. In October 2004, the Company acquired GreenWorks Corporation, a privately held real estate development company.
GNCI.OB Gencor Industries, Inc. designs and manufactures machinery and related equipment used primarily for the production of asphalt and highway construction materials. Its principal core products include asphalt plants, combustion systems and fluid heat transfer systems. Gencor is engaged in product engineering and development efforts to expand its product lines and to further develop more energy-efficient and environmentally compatible systems. Developments include the use of cost-effective, non-fossil fuels, biomass, refuse-derived fuel, coal and coal mixtures, the economical recycling of old asphalt and new designs of environmentally compatible asphalt plants. Product engineering and development activities are directed toward more efficient methods of producing asphalt and lower-cost fluid heat transfer systems. In addition, efforts are also focused on developing combustion systems that operate at higher temperatures and offer a higher level of environmental compatibility.
GWLK.OB Gabriel Technologies Corporation, formerly Princeton Video Image, Inc. (PVI), designs physical security devices for the transportation industry, including rail, trucking and intermodal shippers. Gabriel's feature product line, the War-Lok Series, is designed to protect vulnerable cargo targets from theft and terrorism. Gabriel Technologies provides everything from security product design and manufacturing to complete implementation assistance and expertise. In addition to the War-Lok Series, Gabriel has established Trace Location Services through its subsidiary, Trace Technologies, LLC, a Nebraska Limited Liability Company. Trace Location Services will provide enhanced location services to devices supporting Trace LLC's license of Qualcomm's SnapTrack assisted-global positioning system (GPS) technology. On May 29, 2003, PVI filed a voluntary petition for relief under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court for the District of New Jersey.
FIFS.OB First Investors Financial Services Group, Inc. (FIFS) is a consumer finance company engaged in originating and holding for investment retail installment sales contracts and promissory notes receivable secured by new and used automobiles and light trucks arising from the sale of the vehicle by factory-authorized, franchised dealers or refinanced by the vehicle owner (consumer). FIFS specializes in lending to consumers with impaired credit profiles. In addition, the Company has purchased receivables in portfolio acquisitions or from other third-party originators. During the fiscal year ended April 30, 2003 (fiscal 2003), FIFS began performing servicing and collection activities for third parties through First Investors Servicing Corporation (FISC), a wholly owned subsidiary. The total managed portfolio serviced by FISC was approximately $488 million at April 30, 2004.
ESIMF.OB e-SIM LTD. is a man machine interface (MMI) solution provider for mobile handsets and other electronic products. The Company's solutions are used to create the user interfaces of cell phones, digital cameras, fax machines, portable digital video disc (DVDs) and camcorders. e-SIM focuses on the mobile handset industry, offering an end-to-end mobile handset. The MMI solution is tailored to meet the needs of wireless platform vendors, handset manufacturers and carriers. e-SIM has more than 20 mobile platform and handset manufacturers users solutions. The customers and partners include FreeScale, Texas Instruments, NEC, BenQ, Kyocera and Sasken.
EEEI Electro Energy, Inc. (Electro) develops bipolar nickel-metal hydride batteries. The Company develops its product for the specialty high performance markets, such as space, aircraft and military equipments. The Company has been receiving government funding for its product development. The Company is engaged in a program to develop a bipolar nickel-metal hydride aircraft battery for the F-16. In October 2003, Electro acquired the battery operations of Eagle Picher Technologies, LLC in Colorado Springs, Colorado. Eagle Picher is engaged in the manufacture of specialty batteries, chemicals and electronic materials. In March 2004, the Company received a $500,000 investment for technology development from a private venture investment fund, supporting technologies of interest to the United States government (the Private Venture Fund).
ENTME.OB EarthNetMedia, Inc. is a United States-based multimedia and international marketing company that produces and distributes a home improvement, interior design and lifestyle television program in order to provide a gateway for businesses in these industries to enter China's markets. The Company's divisions are Television Production and Distribution, and E-Commerce and Television Direct Sales. EarthNetMedia has been a development stage company since its inception. During the year ended December 31, 2003, it has generated no revenue.
DFCTF.OB DF China Technology Inc. is an information technology (IT) solution providers in logistics and supply chain management. &nbsp;DiChain Software has strategic alliances with some of the world's largest companies, including IBM, GE, Oracle, Hewlett Packard, ILOG, DELL, Motorola and China Mobile. The Company's industry position is further leveraged by its relationship to China Merchants DiChain Holdings Ltd, the Company's major shareholder, which is a member of China Merchants Group. The Company aims to invest its resources into computer, wireless and Internet-related information technologies in the future.
CSYS.OB ClearStory Systems Inc., formerly INSCI Corp., is a provider of integrated enterprise content management solutions. The Company's solutions provide storage, access and presentment for mission-critical documents, reports, statements, e-mail and high-value digital assets necessary for business functions or regulatory compliance. Its two product offerings are ActiveMedia is a digital asset management software that provides a complete solution to manage, share, distribute and publish rich-media content, including graphics, images, layouts, animation, video and documents, and the ESP+ Solutions Suite provides a platform to capture, preserve, distribute and access all customer and operational content, including statements, reports, electronic records, e-mail and digital voice. The Company through its Professional Services Group offers telephonic maintenance support for its customers and offers an array of services to new and existing clients and alliance partners.
BDCI.OB BDC Capital Inc., formerly eNetpc, Inc. is a value-added reseller (VAR) specializing in business-to-business software, e-commerce and virtual distribution. It operates business units: VAR and .COM. The VAR division is an authorized reseller of products from Compaq, Microsoft, IBM and Hewlett-Packard, among others, as well as selling non-branded products. Through .COM business unit, the Company launched an end user second-party version of eSelect 2.5 on its own Websites. The products offered on eSelect 2.5 include desktop computers, notebook computers, file servers, computer peripherals and computer services.
BCAR Bank of the Carolinas (NC) is a state-chartered commercial bank that provides retail banking services primarily in central North Carolina. The Company offers a comprehensive line of financial products and services, including deposit accounts such as Carolinas Checking, Carolinas Grand Account, certificates of deposit (CDs), Coverdell Education Savings and traditional and Roth individual retirement accounts (IRAs); personal loans and lines of credit; automobile, home and business loans, and equipment financing. Bank of Carolinas also offers an array of business banking services including business checking, business savings, business lending, retirement plans and other business services, such as automated clearing house services, automatic loan payments, direct deposit and currency and coin services. The Company has seven full-service locations in Advance, Asheboro, Carthage, Cleveland, Harrisburg, Landis and Mocksville, North Carolina.
AMCS AMICAS, Inc., formerly VitalWorks Inc., is a provider of information and image management technology and services targeted to healthcare practices and organizations throughout the United States. The Company provides information technology-based, specialty-specific solutions for imaging centers and hospital radiology departments and for medical practices specializing in anesthesiology, ophthalmology, emergency medicine, plastic surgery, dermatology and internal medicine. Its range of software solutions provides image management, workflow management and information management related to administrative, financial and clinical functions for physicians, radiologists and other healthcare providers. AMICAS, Inc. provides its clients with ongoing software support, implementation, training and electronic data interchange services for patient billing and claims processing. In January 2005, the Company sold its medical division to Cerner Corporation.
AMFC.OB AMB Financial Corp., formed in 1993, is the thrift holding company for American Savings FSB (the Bank), a federally chartered savings bank. AMB Financial has no separate operations and its business consists only of the business of American Savings. The Bank is a community-based financial institution that offers a variety of selected financial services to meet the needs of the community it serves. It attracts deposits from the general public and uses such deposits to originate and purchase one- to four-family residential mortgages, and, to a lesser extent, non-residential real estate, multi-family real estate, consumer, commercial business, land and construction loans. The Bank also invests in mortgage-backed securities, investment securities, consisting primarily of United States government obligations and various types of short-term liquid assets.
AVCP.PK C.E.C Industries Corp. and its subsidiaries are engaged in four main businesses: real estate investment; carbon furnace development; mineral rights development and art investments.
WPCI.OB WPCS International Incorporated is an engineering company that focuses on the implementation requirements of wireless technology and specialty communication systems. The Company provides a range of services, including site design, product integration, security, structured cabling, construction and project management.
RVSIE.OB Robotic Vision Systems, Inc. designs, manufactures, markets and sells automated two-dimensional and three-dimensional (2-D and 3-D) machine vision-based products and systems for inspection, measurement and identification. The Company operates through two divisions, the Semiconductor Equipment Group and the Acuity CiMatrix division. The Semiconductor Equipment Group's primary business is the design, manufacture and marketing of systems that employ lasers to provide 3-D measurement and inspection of solder connection bumps on semiconductor wafers and leads and ball grid arrays on assembled chip packages. The Acuity CiMatrix division designs, manufactures and markets two primary product lines, board-level vision systems used in the general purpose machine vision market for a variety of industrial applications and 2-D bar code reading systems and related products used in the automatic identification and data collection market.
PGTV Pegasus Communications Corporation is a holding company that conducts its operations through its subsidiaries. Pegasus Satellite Communications, Inc. is a direct subsidiary through which the Company has conducted its direct broadcast satellite and broadcast television businesses. Pegasus Satellite is a holding company, has issued debt and preferred stock and is the parent company of Pegasus Media &amp; Communications, Inc. Pegasus Media has separate subsidiaries that conduct the Company's direct broadcast satellite business and substantially all of its broadcast television business. Pegasus Development Corporation is a direct subsidiary that holds two Ka band satellite licenses granted by the Federal Communications Commission and intellectual property rights licensed from Personalized Media Communications L.L.C. In August 2004, Pegasus Satellite Television, Inc., a subsidiary of Pegasus Satellite, completed the sale of its satellite television assets to DIRECTV, Inc.
ONSM Onstream Media Corporation, formerly known as Visual Data Corporation, is a business services provider that specializes in video and rich media communication, Webcasting and digital asset management services. Utilizing processing and distribution software, the Company provides encoding, editing, indexing and querying services. Its operations are organized in two main operating groups: the Webcasting Group and Digital Asset Management Group. The Webcasting Group provides an array of corporate-oriented, Web-based media services to the corporate market, including live audio and video Webcasting, packaged corporate announcements, and rich media information storage and distribution for any business entity. The Digital Asset Management group provides the business rules and processes needed to acquire, store, index, secure, search, export and transform digital assets and their descriptive information.
NVL Novelis Inc. is engaged in producing aluminum-rolled products. The Company is a result of spin-off from Alcan Inc. Novelis was formed to acquire and independently carry on most of the aluminum-rolled products businesses operated by Alcan. The Company conducts operations through 37 operating facilities in 12 countries. Novelis manages its global operational activities on the basis of geographical areas organized into four business groups: Novelis North America, Novelis Europe, Novelis Asia and Novelis South America. The Company operates in eight markets: Building and Construction; Cans and Closures; Flexible and Semi-rigid packaging; Printing and Lithography; Specialty Consumer and Industrial; Automotive and Transportation; Distribution Services, and Technology Sales.
HMAX.OB HAIRMAX International, Inc. (formerly National Beauty Corp.) is a full service cleaning company offering daily residential cleaning services, carpet cleaning and other related services in the South Florida area under the name Cleaning Express USA. HAIRMAX also offers beauty salon services and products through its two retail beauty salons in the South Florida area under its Hairmax of Florida, Inc. subsidiary. The Company provides customer service with on-premise personnel and qualified management available at all locations and markets its services seven days a week.
GTDN.OB GTDATA Corporation has had no active business operations other than searching out new business opportunities that have potential for profit. It has no commitment or arrangement to participate in a business and cannot predict what type of business it may enter into or acquire. Its plan of operation is to seek outside investment, either in the form of equity or debt or a combination of the two and begin acquiring companies that will operate as its subsidiaries. During the year ended December 31, 2003, it conducted its business operations through its then wholly owned subsidiaries, Technical Services and Logistics Inc. (TSLi) and GT Data Corporation. GTDATA, through its wholly owned subsidiary TSLi, was engaged in the sale, repair and support service of in-warranty and out-of-warranty computer peripheral devices for a variety of large and small brand name manufacturers.
KIPSE.OB Composite Solutions, Inc. (CSI) is engaged in licensing and distributing proprietary composite materials technology, engineering services and special applications for use in the civil engineering and civil construction markets. CSI's technology uses the same type of composite materials found in the B-2 Bomber and other lightweight, high-strength/performance military hardware. These composite materials consist of advanced fiber-reinforced polymers. Such fibers are 10 to 15 times stronger than construction steel and five times lighter. When used in concert with traditional building material systems, this marriage of new and conventional systems leads to an enhancement of the latter, and to structural performance with a minimization of cost. CSI's technology material/composite systems fall into the following main categories: Composite Overlays for structural retrofits, Carbon Shell System for new construction and infrastructure renewal and Specialty Systems for force protection.
ATTG.OB Astrata Group Incorporated, formerly known as Cetalon Corporation, is an international provider of location-based information technology (IT) services and solutions. The Company formerly operated, along with its subsidiaries, Sears Health Food and Fitness Shops in Canada and Sears Health Food and Nutrition Centers in the United States. Astrata has two areas of activity: Telematics Solutions and Geomatics Solutions. Its range of services and solutions is offered to a variety of organizations that require accurate location information, including those in the military, governmental and public sectors. During the fiscal year ended May 31, 2004 (fiscal 2004), the Company discontinued operation of its Sears Health Food and Fitness Shops to focus on the provision of location-based IT services and solutions. Astrata was formed, in August 2004, through a reverse merger with Cetalon Corporation.
APNI.OB The Alpine Group, Inc. is a holding company that has owned equity interests in industrial businesses that have operated as subsidiaries. The Company owns Essex Electric Inc., which is engaged in the manufacture and sale of electrical wire. Alpine has owned equity interests in PolyVision Corporation, Premier Refractories International Inc. and Superior TeleCom Inc. In December 2002, Alpine's wholly owned subsidiary, Alpine Holdco Inc., acquired from Superior all assets subject to accounts payable and accrued liabilities of Superior's electrical wire business, all the shares of capital stock of DNE Systems, Inc. and all of the shares of capital stock of Texas SUT Inc. and Superior Cable Holdings Ltd. In July 2004, the Company sold DNE Systems, Inc., which was involved in the manufacture and sales of multiplexers and other communications and electronic products, to Ultra Electronics Defense, Inc., a wholly owned subsidiary of Ultra Electronics Holdings plc, a United Kingdom-based company.
ULTEQ Ultimate Electronics, Inc. is a specialty retailer of consumer electronics and home entertainment products in the Rocky Mountain, Midwest and Southwest regions of the United States. The Company offers approximately 4,000 stock keeping units at a range of price points representing approximately 130 brands, including a presentation of a selection of limited distribution, upscale brands and lines. Ultimate Electronics showcases its consumer electronics products in an upscale, demonstration-oriented store format, which enables customers to sample and compare features and functions of the many products the Company offers. Ultimate Electronics also provides a menu of value added services, including home installation of consumer electronic equipment by its own technicians. In addition, it operates Fast Trak Inc., an independent electronics repair company and its wholly owned subsidiary.
TORCQ Torch Offshore, Inc. provides subsea construction services in connection with the in-field development of offshore oil and natural gas reservoirs. The primary services it provides include installation of pipelines, flowlines, umbilicals and related infrastructure; pipeline tie-ins and tie-backs; riser, jumper and concrete mattress installations, and integrated construction support. The Company installs and maintains small diameter flowlines and related infrastructure associated with the offshore oil and natural gas reserves on the continental shelf of the Gulf of Mexico. Torch owns and operates two saturation diving systems and provides support services for operations, such as hook-up and structure abandonment, including barge and logistic support, minimal steel fabrication, call-out diving and the chartering of vessels. In January 2005, the Company and certain of its affiliates filed voluntary petitions for reorganization under Chapter 11 of the United States Bankruptcy Code.
NSU Nevsun Resources Ltd. is in the mineral exploration and development business with its mineral properties and equipment located in Africa. The Company is an emerging gold producer with a focus on developing gold projects in Africa. The Company is focused on the development of its Tabakoto/Segala Projects covering 83 square kilometers in the Kenieba district of Mali, West Africa. Construction of facilities for the mine commenced during 2004, and the Company plans to be in production by mid 2005. In addition, Nevsun has advanced the Bisha Project high-grade gold, copper and zinc discovery in Eritrea. Three other exploration properties are drill ready. 
IVN Ivanhoe Mines Ltd. (IVN) is an international mineral exploration and development company. The Company and its subsidiaries (the IVN Group) holds interests in mineral resource properties in Mongolia, Myanmar, Australia, China, South Korea, Kazakhstan and Vietnam. The IVN Group also holds equity investments in Jinshan Gold Mines Inc. (formerly Pacific Minerals Inc.), Asia Gold Corp. (ASG) and Olympus Pacific Minerals Inc. (Oympus). The Company's mineral resource properties are the Oyu Tolgoi gold and copper exploration project (the Oyu Tolgoi Project) in Mongolia, the Monywa copper project (the Monywa Copper Project) in Myanmar and the Savage River iron ore mine (the Savage River Project) in Tasmania, Australia. The IVN Group holds a 100% interest in the Oyu Tolgoi Project and the Savage River Project and a 50% interest in the Monywa Copper Project.
IPX Interpool, Inc. operates as a lessor of intermodal chassis and intermodal dry freight standard containers. As of December 31, 2002, the Company's chassis fleet totaled approximately 204,000 chassis and its container fleet totaled approximately 796,000 20-foot equivalent units (TEUs). The Company leases its chassis and containers to a diversified customer base of over 600 shipping and transportation customers throughout the world, including international container shipping lines and major North American railroads. In addition to its chassis and container leasing operations, Interpool also receives revenues from the leasing of approximately 475 freight rail cars to railroad companies through its Railpool division.
FDI Fort Dearborn Income Securities, Inc. (the Fund) is a diversified, closed-end management investment company. The Fund invests principally in investment-grade, long-term fixed-income debt securities with the primary objective of providing its shareholders with a stable stream of current income consistent with external interest rate conditions, and a total return over time that is above what they could receive by investing individually in the investment-grade and long-term maturity sectors of the bond market. It also invests in short-term securities. UBS Global Asset Management (Americas) Inc. serves as the Fund's Advisor. The Advisor manages the Fund's investment portfolio, maintains its accounts and records, and furnishes the services of individuals to perform executive and administrative functions for the Fund.
FCBX.OB First Capital Bancorp, Inc., formerly known as CNB Holdings, Inc., is the parent company of First Capital Bank (the Bank), an independent bank holding company headquartered in North Atlanta. The Bank focuses on commercial lending and treasury management services for small to medium-sized businesses. The Bank has three full-service branches and two loan production offices throughout the North Atlanta metropolitan area.
ESSE.OB Earth Search Sciences, Inc. (ESSI) is engaged in exploiting the science of remote sensing in a wide variety of industries worldwide. The science of remote sensing includes acquiring, processing and interpreting imagery of the earth captured from instruments deployed on aircraft or satellites. Remote sensing instruments measure reflected, visible and infrared sunlight from the Earth's surface over a spectral range seven times broader than the human eye can see. This collected data can then be digitally analyzed using personal computers (PCs). The digitally analyzed imagery can provide information useful to a wide range of industries, such as, but not limited to, natural resource development, including oil and mineral exploration, fisheries and forestry, land use development, environmental remediation and monitoring, agriculture, including vegetation stress analysis, disaster assessment, marine sciences and military sciences.
DIONE.OB Dionics, Inc. designs, manufactures and sells silicon semiconductor electronic products, as individual discrete components, as multi-component integrated circuits and as multi-component hybrid circuits. Individual discrete components are predominantly transistors, diodes and capacitors, intended for use in miniature circuit assemblies called hybrid microcircuits. In order to facilitate their being easily assembled into the hybrid circuits' products by its customers, these products are supplied by the Company in unwired unencapsulated microscopic chip form. A variety of such components are supplied by Dionics, some as standard products that it offers to the industry at large and other as special or custom-tailored products, which it manufactures to certain specific electronic requirements of an individual customer.
COMT.OB Comtech Group, Inc. is a module design solutions provider in China, focused on the mobile handset and telecom equipment industries. The Company's client base has grown to serve over 200 companies in the mobile handset and telecom equipment industries in China. Its team of engineers works with manufacturers of mobile handset and telecom equipment to design solutions that meet their needs. The Company designs solutions for mobile device products, including liquid crystal display (LCD) modules, camera modules, persistent storage modules, input/output modules, sound system and power supply modules. In the telecom equipment industry Comtech targets optical solutions, data communication solutions, public switched telephone network (PSTN) switching and wireless base stations. In July 2004, the Company was acquired by a Cayman Islands company, and later on changed its name from Trident Rowan Group, Inc. to Comtech Group, Inc. on August 2, 2004.
CZNC Citizens &amp; Northern Corporation is a one-bank holding company whose subsidiary is Citizens &amp; Northern Bank (the Bank). The Company's office is located in Wellsboro, Pennsylvania. Its other wholly owned subsidiaries are Citizens &amp; Northern Investment Corporation and Bucktail Life Insurance Company (Bucktail). Bucktail reinsures credit and mortgage life and accident and health insurance on behalf of the Bank. The Bank provides a range of banking services, including deposit and loan products for personal and commercial customers. It also maintains a trust division that provides a range of financial services such as 401(k) plans, retirement planning, estate planning, estate settlements and asset management. In January 2000, the Bank formed a subsidiary, C&amp;N Financial Services Corporation, a licensed insurance agency that provides insurance products to individuals and businesses.
